You always knew your girlfriend was going to be high-maintenance. Still, never did you imagine you'd be replacing the internal combustion engine by yourself.
They say you love money more than anything else in the world, but then, they've never seen you around a stack of pancakes.
Be sure to choose your words carefully this week, as you've only got about seven of them left.
When you were born they threw away the mold. Also, they threw away the glass womb, the intravenous feeding tubes, the contaminated petri dishes, and most of the funding.
The thought of an invisible man who lives above the clouds and judges all of mankind might seem silly to you, but, hey, that's Greg.
You'll soon see yourself in a whole new light, which is too bad, as it's the kind police investigators use to check for semen stains.
The stars indicate professional success in the days to come, though it's quite difficult for them to keep a straight face during it.
It might not be today, and it might not be tomorrow, but you'll soon come to regret staging a pie-eating contest to select a new wife.
Journey to the past this week by realizing that things are pretty much the same miserable way they've always been.
You're about to give birth to one of life's greatest miracles. Unfortunately for you, it's the one with the multiplying loaves and fishes.
The old public-speaking trick of imagining the audience naked has served you well in the past, but that was before you had to give a talk to a room full of burn survivors.
Your shortness of breath and wild fainting spells will be cured this week thanks to a series of well-placed commas.
They say you have a head for numbers, but that’s because “head for tumors” isn’t really an expression.
The stars apologize for last week’s prediction of “money problems.” Looks like they forgot the “k” in there.
You’ll soon possess the courage of 10 men, and the sexually transmitted diseases of about 50.
The stars foresee a second job promotion in the days to come, though they should probably be telling Dave about it instead of you.
Your creativity will be at an all-time high today, much to the dismay of your wife, the vacuum-cleaner salesman, and the dozen or so poodles.
Text “LIBRA” now for your chance to enter our weekly Astrological Giveaway! (Contest void in Hawaii, Alaska, and the binary star system of Alpha Centauri.)
You’re no art expert, but you know what you like, which explains all the meatball sandwiches hanging on your walls.
Things will look up this week, before baring their teeth, rearing up on their hind legs, and suddenly leaping at your throat.
You may not be a wealthy man, or a rich man, or even a prosperous man, but then, you do have a mastery of English-language synonyms.
It may seem like torture to you now, but one day you’ll thank your parents for ripping off those fingernails.
You’ll do it for the children this week, which is really too bad, as “it” involves exposing yourself behind some bushes.
Running away from your problems will fail this week, as will climbing out of your problems’ reach and playing dead in hopes that your problems go away.
The stars indicate that you've really done it this time. I mean, just look around, for God's sake. How did this even happen?
Your passionate lovemaking will wake up the neighbors this week, making it a lot harder for you to have sex with them.
All you'll want for Christmas are your two front teeth, along with your four bottom incisors, the six molars at the back of your mouth, and whatever other bicuspids are missing.
You're about to make one woman very happy, and hundreds of thousands of other women extremely relieved.
Your face will soon be on the cover of every newspaper in town, thanks to a rather gruesome printing-press accident.
They say that you're going blind, that your vision is rapidly deteriorating, but don't worry: They are just a coatrack and hat.
Frustration will be yours this week when an airliner spirals out of control and crashes into the ground every time you're about to speak.
Don't let other people influence your future. That's what a vague and arbitrary set of cosmic indicators is for.
You'll discover the secret of fire this week—namely that it can make your ex-wife pay for everything she's done to you.
Lately it seems as though you're running out of steam. Shovel more coal into your firebox to rotate the paddle wheel.
When given a choice between tuna salad or egg salad this week, go with the egg salad. Just trust the stars on this one.
Four will be killed, 12 injured, and nearly 50 molested this week after your unconscious escapes.
Will you finally get that big job promotion? Is a whirlwind romance in the cards for you? Tune in to Taurus next week for all the answers and more!
The training wheels will soon come off your bike, as will both regular wheels, the front and back brakes, each handlebar, and, finally, you.
Red-bellied trout are known for traveling halfway across the country in search of a mate, but it’s still a bit of a surprise when hundreds of them arrive at your doorstep.
Don’t be afraid to ask loved ones for help this week. After all, they expect nothing less from a fuckup like you.
You always knew the day would come when the machines would rise up and take over the world, but never did you imagine it’d be so convenient.
After years of quiet introspection, you’ll finally come out of your shell this week, disgusting everyone with your squirming, mucus-covered frame.
More and more, you’re beginning to suspect you’re just around to help move the plot forward.
Remember to count your blessings this week, as it’s the last time you’ll be able to perform mental arithmetic for months to come.
You’ll soon owe the local police chief, resident fire marshal, and head zookeeper a rather large apology.
Despite their best efforts, rescue workers will fail to pull you out from beneath hundreds of pounds of stored fat this week.
The stars indicate that—hoo, boy—that’s definitely going to hurt.
This week try wearing less make-up when you leave the house, even if it means angering the other members of KISS.
While being a good friend means telling the truth, you'll soon realize that being a true friend means keeping your mouth shut.
E.B. White always believed that punctuation should be used sparingly. But then, E.B. White was—let's face it—a "pompous fuck."
If you pledge to Cancer at the $50 membership level, not only will you be supporting quality predictions in the future, but you'll also receive this handsome Cancer tote bag.
Remember: It's all a matter of perspective. See how your crippling finances look from atop that hill.
You've never really thought of yourself as a cat-person, but the splicing, trans-binding, and DNA re-sequencing will soon change all of that.
The rise of Jupiter in your sign can only mean one thing! Let the stars know what it is once you look it up.
Success is often difficult to define, though for you, it pretty much boils down to filling that cup with clean urine.
When life seems grim, and all hope is but a distant memory, why not try weeping uncontrollably in the shower? After all, it works for your husband.
The stars fucking give up—if you want another slice of blueberry pie, just go ahead and have another slice of blueberry pie.
Sure, a spoonful of sugar may make the medicine go down, but if it's suppositories you're struggling with, the spoon isn't going to help.
You'll be forced to undergo surgery to remove the lump from your throat. Though it's becoming a woman and not cancer of the larynx that will send you to the hospital.
You'll find it difficult to point out your assailant in court next week, but that's mainly because of what he’ll have done to your hands.
Have the stars told you how wonderful you've looked lately? And how great it would be if you could check in on their cats this weekend?
You've always believed women to be your one true weakness, but as it turns out, leaving ground forces exposed to a sudden pincer-style attack is.
Banking on its growing popularity, Cancer will launch an all-new astrological spin-off starting this fall. Keep an eye out for Cancer: The College Years in weeks to come!
God will shine His divine light on you this week, instantly blinding you with His infinite carelessness.
You knew eating those hamburgers would come back to haunt you, but it’s still a bit of a surprise when all the floating cows show up.
While it's true that you can’t outrun your past, it’s really the catching up with your future that you should be worried about.
The natives will treat your sudden appearance with a combination of suspicion and awe, but then, they've never seen anyone purchase 20 cartons of cigarettes at once.
Be sure to watch your temper, as it’s about to do some pretty amazing things in the days to come.
While you'd love nothing more than to tap it, please be mindful, as the nation’s Strategic Ass Reserves are at an all-time low.
Money will soon change your life in ways you couldn't possibly imagine—especially the $5,000 or so you'll owe to local loan sharks.
Remember, people like you for who you are: an incredibly insecure person willing to do almost anything for acceptance.
You’ve tried all your life to follow your dreams, probably because you had no idea of the terrible places they’d ultimately be going.
The existence of rogue waves has been confirmed for well over 15 years, but until your sudden drowning next week, they won’t have been known to make it all the way to Kansas City.
It seems your own cat isn’t one of those cats that dials 911 when its owner sets fire to the apartment while trying to figure out how to deep-fry Snickers bars.
After years of development and hundreds of simulations, the French government has announced its ultraminiaturized nuclear device is ready to test on you.
While it’s a myth that secret millionaires’ clubs hunt human beings for sheer sport, you’ll learn the hard way that some of them do it out of an altruistic sense of duty to society.
You’ll be getting down and dirty, as well as hot and heavy, quite a lot in the near future, but that’s mostly because it’s time to move.
Your life will continue in an uneventful and unremarkable fashion for most of the next week, but before it’s out you’ll have had at least one really good sandwich.
You’ll soon meet a dark stranger and join him in taking a night journey across the water, but hey, that’s modern business travel for you.
You may have been deeply hurt by it dozens of times, and certainly you know others whose experiences haven’t been anything to write home about, but there’s really nothing intrinsically wrong with love.
After decades of being repeatedly hit by buses, you’ll finally sit down and talk with one face-to-face and realize that was just their unique way of expressing their affection all along.
You’ve always thought of yourself as a people person; after all, you have to have an interest in people in order to eat so many of them.
You really thought that when it finally all came to an end it’d be a little more dramatic than this.
While it's true you'll never really understand, accept, or tolerate homosexuality, it's admirable that it hasn't stopped you from having sex with people of your gender.
The places in the sand where your footprints disappear and only the marks of unspeakably malevolent tentacles can be seen are the part where Cthulhu carried you.
You've really tried, honestly you have, but you just can't drum up the enthusiasm for people to pay you for the things society expects from you.
As far as you're concerned, there are only two types of people in the world, and it's always bothered you that you can't figure out what they are.
It's nice that you're trying to become closer to your coworkers, but really, by now you should have noticed they're trying to edge away as politely as possible.
It's a lucky day for you when, instead of making you a better person and serving the greater good, your personal and political beliefs fall neatly in line with you getting everything you want.
There's an old saying about cows and getting free milk that applies to your situation, at least if you think of the saying as pertaining to having sex with cows.
You will undergo a profound personal and spiritual change this week, but no one around you will notice since it doesn't make you put on pants anymore often.
You're not the most curious person in the world, but this week will see you take a profound interest in the exact meaning of all those red lights on the machines you're hooked up to.
Your plan to dig an escape tunnel over the next three years using only a spoon stolen from the cafeteria will utterly dumbfound everyone else at the office.
When all's said and done, some people will actually admire the way you stand your ground and don’t let the escaped zoo elephant just push you around.
The stars actually indicate a lot less than you think they do, but go ahead and make big changes in the workplace if that's what you got out of it all.
Remember, taking drugs is no way to be cool and have fun. Selling drugs is the way to be cool and have fun.
There's almost certainly a more efficient way to get through life, but by this point you're pretty used to just following any old conga line that goes by.
Someday you'll find you're no longer capable of working 60 hours a week just to scrape by, which is probably right when you'll finally get a job.
The stars aren't sure what's worse: that you keep insisting you're the inspiration for the lizard in the insurance commercials, or that it's true and you seem to take such pride in it.
The very heavens themselves shall bestow their benevolence upon you this week, allowing you to take 15 percent off selected entrées at a popular chain of restaurants.
You were pretty sure your long, hellish ordeal was finally over, but it turns out it was renewed for another season and you still can't stop watching it.
You will be instrumental in disproving several popular theories next week, including the ideas that laughter is good for the soul and that a little fresh air never hurt anyone.
A lot of people will be thinking about nothing but sex and violence all day, but you're the only one doing something about it.
The most difficult week of your life is coming up, but take heart: If you can get through that, you'll have something to remember during the next 1,872 uniformly boring weeks of your life.
It's not right to tell someone you could make a better bowl of chili with your asshole. Be the better person and show them how.
You will cry because you have no shoes, until you see one of those guys who wears fingerless gloves everywhere. Then you'll think, Jesus Christ, at least you're not that guy.
The stars say to hold tight. Your life is about to undergo a dramatic change. Feel free to interpret that as a hopeful statement if you like.
Some things only become funny when you look back on them years later. Conversely, the events of next week will seem funny at the time, but as the years go by, society will gain sensitivity and learn to outgrow that sort of thing.
Try not to take next week's failings too personally. The stars are sure that nine times out of 10 you totally would have beaten leukemia.
Your generosity will pay off this week when your gift of $100 in cash inspires the recipient to have sex with you.
There's almost certainly more to life than lying around watching old episodes of Friends all day, but hey, it's enough.
There's just something about you that says "sexual deviant." It's your own voice, and frankly, it is seriously overestimating how interesting you are.
Your attempt to lighten the mood by relating a few amusing anecdotes will only result in people getting angrier and angrier as the life raft slowly fills with water.
It's true that the girl who lives down the hall is really attracted to you, although you'll reflect that perhaps the word "female" is more accurate after her needle-sharp ovipositor pierces your cornea and the first of thousands of eggs slowly slides in.
Your radical theory about a mysterious group of cleaners who appear at night to tidy up your office is strikingly close to the truth, but don't worry: You're in no danger.
Stop worrying so much about what your family thinks about you. After all, if there really is life after death, you can assume they're pretty angry about the fire you started at the reunion.
Remember, just because you read something in an authoritative-looking book doesn't mean it's true. There is actually no such thing as "Houston, Texas."
Your good friends will help remind you of what's really important in life, especially those to whom you owe all that money.
Once again nothing much is going to happen to you, but really, we appreciate that you took the time to check.
It's not the hammer of life that's going to beat you down this week, but the ladle of Kathy Clodmeyer, who is frankly sick of you asking for more gravy.
If nothing else, next week will certainly be a lesson to you about listening to Dan when he gives you advice about good sources of all-natural fiber.
They'll say it's for your own good, but you really don't see how this much electricity running through your genitals could possibly be beneficial.
Learn to appreciate the little things in life, because the big things will either cost more than you have or take more time than you've got left.
Jealousy will rear its ugly head in your life next week, look around, blink, burst out laughing, and then tell Envy, Lust, and Greed to get a load of how pathetic you are.
Your growing belief that there are monsters in the closet wouldn't be a concern if you weren't in command of so many main battle tanks.
It's true that animals like you, but that's mostly because you're fat and slow and will be easy to cut from the herd when your time comes.
It's true they say that all's fair in love and war, but actually, the use of hollow-point ammunition and mustard gas is banned in both.
The doctors will claim you're only coming in for a routine checkup, but as soon as you're through the door, your archenemy's theme music will ring across the operating theater.
You never thought you'd be the type to laugh at the old pie-in-the-face gag, but that was before you found a recipe for ball-bearing-and-glass pie.
Try and get back to basics this week. Learning to dress yourself, brush your teeth, and eat with utensils would be a good place to start.
Nothing you've ever been through has prepared you for how much you miss Kate. Every other time you've missed people either somewhat more or a little less, so this time is new.
You will receive a mention in an exhaustive New Yorker piece titled "6 Billion To Watch Under 100."
If someone had told you a week ago that there was something better than sex, you wouldn't have believed it. This week, however, you will discover sex with other people.
Your relationship has been exciting, fun, and different, but it may be time to turn this guy in for the reward money.
You could spend hours just watching people, but it's nothing compared to the time and money that certain people have spent watching you.
Look at it this way: If you were a better engineer, there wouldn't have been so much exciting car-crash news in the past couple months.
Your career may be disappointing, but at least you haven't been stuck being an anthropomorphized arrangement of random stars for the last umpteen-million years.
Your thoughtfulness will be much appreciated next Thursday when your friends and family realize you chose a tombstone that's just the right size to support a Weber Smokey Joe grill.
By the time people realize your evil hoax, you'll be three states away, which might not be far enough to escape the punishment for substituting carob for chocolate.
This would be a good week for you to take control of your life and your destiny, but hey, this is you we're talking about.
You have long held the position that there's nothing funny about testicular cancer, but due to the terrible, cruel, infantile nature of the human sense of humor, you're just plain wrong.
The ghost of Vic Tayback will appear to you in a dream and tell you he's disappointed in you, making you feel inadequate and forcing you to find out who Vic Tayback is.
You will soon be the envy of all the other people in your office, most of whom spend the day wishing they were dead.
You'll wake up in strangers' beds five times this week, which should be all the proof you need that you should meet more people.
Sometimes it's useful to be literal-minded, but for the love of God, please stop coming up with new ways to skin a cat.
It's nice that you finally found someone to love and who also loves you, but a moment's consideration should be all you need to realize that this does not constitute an adequate reason to live.
Okay, the stars are sorry that they made you wear a gorilla suit all last week for what turned out to be no reason, but it's really, truly, vitally important that you wear a Carmen Miranda fruit hat everywhere for the next few days.
The stars indicate that fortune is in your future this week. Really. All 140 trillion of them in the known universe talked it over in one of their star meetings and they all agreed that yeah, you're getting lots of money.
Take heart: A higher power does indeed hear your prayers, and as soon as it can figure out exactly where they're coming from, it's going to do something about them once and for all.
You will begin to see things differently this week when your eyes are suddenly replaced with a set of novelty video filters.
It's not that people won't care when you fall screaming and flaming from the sky next week. They've just gotten used to you by now is all.
Playing the lottery every week and losing should give you insights into what's wrong with your life, particularly because you almost never recognize any of the winning numbers.
You love saying that Jesus never said a word against your lifestyle, but in fact He spoke out many times against the practice of murdering people in cold blood.
You will be spiritually elevated to a new dimension, but unfortunately it will only be a new dimension in storage solutions for home and office.
While it may not be true that everyone has something they do better than anyone else, the stars cannot remember the last time they so enjoyed watching someone flee angry zoo animals.
No one can argue effectively without the correct set of tools, so make sure you have a hammer in each hand.
Just take things one day at a time this week, even though you're up against a race of impossibly advanced aliens who can move through time at will.
Fire and water magicks are strong in your sign this week, so maybe it's time to consider quitting your job on that offshore oil rig.
You will be caught utterly and completely off-guard by next week's events, causing you to wish once again that you had some sort of way to tell the future.
While it's true you're not the brightest person around, take solace in the fact that you're not going to win any beauty contests, either.
Although at first it seems impossible to believe the zookeeper's story of how you were switched at birth, the fact remains that you're the only giraffe in your office.
This week it will seem you must either tell your secret love about your feelings or die. Next week, of course, you will die.
Some trouble looms at work next week when first the boss decides to fire half the staff and then those people get mad and decide to murder everybody.
No real change for your star sign this week, unless you're one of those over-sensitive types who lets it get to them when the White House explodes.
After a solid decade of enduring horrifying and unrelenting psychosexual nightmares, you will finally meet the man of your dreams.
You finally win the love and admiration of all American citizens now that it means exactly jack shit.
Seriously, if kielbasa on a roll with coleslaw and barbecue sauce isn't the best thing in the entire world, the stars would like to know just what is.
Patience will see you through life’s most harrowing times. Plus you can fake patience by just sleeping constantly.
For the last time: You do not have miraculous stigmata that cause you to bleed like the wounded Christ. You’ve been shot.
Remember, the slow cycle of sun, wind, and rain can sunder even the hardest stone, so whatever you do, don’t go outside.
Although Mercury is rising in Venus this week, do not worry; this is just a mystic-sounding horoscope term. No actual planetary collision is taking place.
The stars will give you fifty bucks if you go over to that guy in the next cubicle who's always talking loudly into his hands-free device and pour scalding hot coffee into his lap.
Your sign is usually subject to the rule of water, but in truth, Funkadelic’s “Red Hot Mama” is what really rules.
Don’t sink to the level of those who would drag you down with their judicious criticism. Instead, listen to those who praise you indiscriminately no matter what.
It doesn’t matter if the other students approve of your “Blood on the Mats” yoga regimen. All that matters are the results.
Everything negative that happens to you this week will be a direct result of you consulting the I Ching, that fallacious oracular slut.
You will be given a second chance in life this week due to your employer’s failure to comply with federal regulations regarding the mishandling of radioactive medical waste.
The sun is in Virgo, the moon is in Capricorn, and Cancer is in Taurus this week. You however, are still single.
Few will be able to resist your charms this week, especially if you keep using those sawed-off 12-gauge charms.
You've tried everything you can think of to stop yourself from gaining weight. Unfortunately, you have your best ideas while eating entire coconut-cream pies.
Despite your efforts to be a modern-day hero, you will slowly develop into a postmodern-era Internet meme.
You’ve delivered babies, made passionate love, and built up your own business, but you'll finally encounter a problem you can't solve with your fists.
You will learn through bitter experience why there’s no Book Of Doug in the Bible.
Leos are known for their forgiving and compassionate nature, which is probably why you keep getting screwed with your pants on.
Your insatiable need to be the center of attention leads to your becoming loathed and shunned, except by the millions of fans of your TV show.
You will soon encounter a strapping, sexy authority figure, but be wary: In the early stages of the relationship, it's better to just let him give you the speeding ticket.
Although you’ve tried to be a decent person, that will eventually wind up making everything that much funnier to observers.
Jupiter has entered your sign, which is usually great, but this time he'll stay for at least a week longer than is comfortable, use up all your clean towels and toilet paper, and never offer to pay for a damn thing.
While it's true you often sit AROUND the house, this has little to do with your weight.
You're not the kind of person who is afraid of a little hard work, which in today's corporate world means you're pretty much fucked.
When you said in a fit of despair that “everyone hates” you, you forgot about Tammy. If anything, she likes you a little too much for comfort.
You will experience unbounded happiness and success in every area of your life this week, unless of course there is something fundamentally and irreversibly wrong with you.
Your life story will bring much-needed happiness and laughter to the world, especially the hilarious ending.
Sadly, there is nothing in this world that can ever bring back your dead loved ones. Happily, most things in the world can be used to send your hated ones away.
Your life will seem boring and empty until you discover what that otherwise useless other gender is actually for.
It's a mixed week for you regarding personal triumphs. You will win a longstanding argument with an obstinate Pisces, but lose your long-running battle with Cancer.
Though it often seems hilarious, the powers that be are far from indifferent to your cries of suffering and pleas for help. They think they're downright sickening.
You will wake from the best sleep of your life to find that you've been catapulted through the windshield by the force of the airbag deploying.
The stars indicate that tomorrow will be a good day to die a noble death in the service of humanity. Unfortunately, they have bad news for you about this afternoon.
Sometimes people don't say what they really mean. For instance, they may say the words "big fat stupid asshole" when they really mean "big dumb jerkasaurus."
You will become an inspiration to thousands of teens when your tragic tale of sexual profligacy and rampant drug abuse is turned into the coolest PSA of all time.
While it's true that 2012 is your year, that just means you're responsible for its upkeep and maintenance, so you'd really better get going on that.
Your inner beauty makes you shine with the light of a thousand stars, which is appropriate, as in broad daylight you're actually not that impressive.
Sex with you is an earth-shattering experience, especially the part where hundreds of Indonesians lose their lives.
Your shortness of breath and wild fainting spells will be cured this week, thanks to a series of well-placed commas.
Don't spend the rest of your life wondering "what if?" Dress the dog in full military regalia before it's too late.
The human body is a work of art, which explains why those security guards won't let you touch it.
Being bright, handsome, and exceptionally talented isn't all that it's cracked up to be. So at least you've got that going for you.
You'll feast on the flesh of your mortal enemy, which is lucky for you, as your mortal enemy is the orange-braised duck.
Turns out it was the butler, in the study, with the candlestick. But enough about your love life.
Your work with disadvantaged and at-risk youth continues this Thursday when you're forced to hand them your wallet.
Friends will soon discover the secret ingredient to your world-famous lemon bars, though they'll lack the necessary motor functions to tell others.
Follow your dreams this week. When delivering a presentation at work, turn into a giant eggplant and fly away.
You can put it off today, and you might even be able to brush it aside tomorrow, but pretty soon you're going to have to figure out why your arm is on fire.
You'll turn to religion this week, dislocating your neck, both shoulders, and most of your tendons in the process.
Your feeling of impending doom shall come to nothing again this week as the world continues to turn and your life goes on as normal. Perhaps you should consider feeling useless and stupid instead.
Our surveys polls show that 52 percent of the people in this sign are women, so expect big changes around your part of the zodiac as we work with top female astrologers to make things more gal-friendly in this part of the cosmos.
You've tried over and over to snare your coworkers in the tangled web you so carefully spin, but unfortunately, most people know the "Hertz Donut" trick by the time they enter the workforce.
Although the last few weeks have been classic examples of "same crap, different day," anomalous ripples in the space-time continuum will allow you to experience the same crap, but on the same day over and over.
You'll garner enthusiastic praise from by the world's leading art and design critics when fiendish but brilliant furniture makers fashion you into a tasteful, living Adirondack chair.
What you'll later choose to describe as a "through the looking glass" moment will actually be more of a "down a set of stairs, through a plate-glass window, and out into heavy traffic" sort of afternoon.
You'll come up with a brilliant scheme to keep your parents from divorcing, one that would certainly work and make them fall back into a deeply committed love, only 11 years too late.
You will slowly come to appreciate the value of silence when everyone seems to want to say things you do not wish to hear.
You're still obsessed with having sex with the bearded lady, but you can't seem to stop bringing home people who are neither.
Someday America will come to an economic understanding that doesn't include an outrageous hunger for more and more manufactured goods, but for now, your life is pretty sweet.
Everybody has their own part to play in life. Unfortunately, yours is to be the love interest of the true hero: Sam, the cute walrus that's all the rage on the Internet.
It's both cynical and dangerous to underestimate the power of human love, but that's okay. You'll overestimate it every time.
This is a good time to make big moves at work, as you'll show up Monday to find all the furniture's gone and everyone has relocated to a new office somewhere outside Gary, IN.
You'll experience a desire to strengthen old bonds of friendship, so it's really too bad that everyone who has known you for more than two years hates you.
You'll be roundly condemned by members of the Academy of Country Music when, despite their specific instructions, you let your babies grow up to be cowboys.
Mercury in retrograde in your sign is a signal that you're about to be run over by some guy backing up his Mercury, which is in turn a sign that the Zodiac is getting just plain lazy.
While the smiling old woman isn't lying about her award-winning cupcakes, she is withholding crucial information regarding the depraved and sadistic nature of the local cupcake awards.
You thought a life of safari adventures, epic cookouts, and jungle cats awaited you, but it turns out the local Waffle House was not in fact advertising for a "lion cook."
You find yourself unable to comply with simple requests this week, as you lack the internal resources to "be cool," "get down," or "boogie."
This sign of the Zodiac will be phased out this week and its duties subsumed by other signs. During this time of change, please assume that you will have a torrid romance with a stranger or be hit by a train.
The stars indicate you will wonder for the rest of your life what would have happened if you had just gone ahead and kissed that girl at the party the other night.
You'll be devastated but not surprised to learn your life is a cheap remake of that of St. Pilaster of Avens, who died in 1421 in a very similar grease fire.
While the pursuit of true love should be your guiding principle in life, the girl at the coffee shop will melt the eyes out of your head with a well-aimed pot of French Roast Sumatran if you don't stop bothering her.
Only minor and mostly cosmetic changes this week.
You will finally be reunited with your family when a sudden mudslide exposes their long-buried station wagon.
Moses died within sight of his goals after wandering in the desert for 40 years, but you'll beat him to the punch by doing it within seven months.
This just might be the year when you stop listening to spurious advice and trusting to fate. Remember to keep checking your horoscope to make sure.
You'll get to know your town a little better over the next few weeks as you lose your job, get evicted, and wander the streets looking for food and shelter.
Sometimes everything seems dark and without hope. When you begin feeling this way, it's important to remember that these are the natural consequences of being realistic.
You'll be forced to confront the infinite, the fleeting nature of life, and your own mortality next week when, not to put too fine a point on it, you'll pretty much simply die.
They say the clothes make the man, but you and your beautiful, understated suits are proof that this is simply not the case.
You're finally over your last lover, to the point where you can start reading that book he recommended in which God creates the earth and stuff.
They say you're at the end of your rope and that you should just give up and resign yourself to failure, and they're board-licensed psychiatrists and therapists, so they should know.
You'll find to your delight that love at first sight is very real, and to your horror that revulsion and loathing on fifth sight is, too.
You're in for a bit of an adjustment period this week, and for several weeks after that, following which you'll be able to function just as well as a person whose legs aren't on backward.
You'll end next week the same way you'll start it: with a desperate all-or-nothing gamble that your crackpot scheme will be able to extinguish the flames.
Not only will romance, adventure, and thrills refuse to come to you, they will also refuse to come to theaters near you.
Everyone must eventually choose between what they really must do and what they merely want to do. In your case, this will mean choosing between eating pancakes and eating the World's Largest Pancake.
When the investigators come to sift through the twisted, disgusting wreckage, they'll be amazed that your fat ass could do so much damage by simply "sitting around the house."
As it turns out, it's far less fun than you might think when all the simplistic philosophy espoused by your favorite novelty T-shirts becomes relevant this week.
Balloon animals, unicycles, chimpanzees, and blood will figure prominently in your future after you run afoul of an assassin who specializes in making his kills look like especially hilarious accidents.
You'll nearly go deaf from the dozens of commercial flights circling your house before finally working up the humility to apologize to the all the air traffic controllers you've insulted.
You'll successfully tap into the profitable intersection of hygiene and self-hatred, becoming quite wealthy from sales of your innovative scrape-on deodorant.
The universe, in its unknowable ancient wisdom, has a plan for everyone. For now, however, it's probably best that you just keep sitting there eating things.
You'll be paralyzed with doubt and indecision next week as you try to determine exactly when it's okay to wear brown wing tips.
Sometimes the world ignores accomplishment and you just have to reward yourself for everything you’ve done. In simpler terms, please go throw yourself down a few flights of stairs.
You thought you'd seen it all and nothing could surprise you anymore, but it's still amazing how few people can simply walk up to a counter and order a cup of coffee.
The stars aren't sure if you've lost weight or done something to your hair or what, but whatever it is, you're looking good. Also, do you happen to have 50 bucks they could borrow until Friday?
The sudden premature arrival of your baby can still be a cause for joy, despite the fact that you were completely unaware you were pregnant, female, or had ever had sex.
Yet another week will go by during which you're so caught up in your own personal business that you'll completely forget you were supposed to murder Nicole.
It's not the part about the calls coming from inside the house that's creepy; it's the fact that the police could figure that out even though everyone has cell phones these days.
Although you completely understand the building inspector's point about wheelchair access, you're not certain the ramps are quite in keeping with the purpose of your Burmese tiger traps.
Mercury is in retrograde this week, which may explain why it's falling back into all its old bad habits like drinking too much and talking crap about you to all your mutual planetary friends.
While it's true engineers have been known to drill "lightening holes" in vehicles to reduce their weight, it's probably best that you just eat less and exercise regularly.
You still don't fully grasp the difference between tongue depressors and Popsicle sticks, especially since they both burn at pretty much the same temperature and fit in the same places in people.
You've been reluctant to try it, but your experience with cybersex is actually warm, satisfying, and mutually uplifting, you horribly stunted emotional cripple.
It's true that no man is an island, but all bullshit humanistic hand-wringing aside, it's totally okay to be happy that malignant Breitbart asshole is gone forever.
You will finally settle on the one question that will define how you interact with the rest of humanity, but sadly, it turns out that most of them were in fact going to finish eating that.
Although you won't discover electricity in the absolute sense this week, you will discover it in a very profound personal fashion.
Thursday is not going to be the least bit funny to you, but it will be hilarious to the chair-lift operator, the septic tank man, the EMTs, and everyone who reads about it in the New York Post
Your belief that nothing can stop you will be tested this week by depression, procrastination, concrete barriers, dysentery, armed gunmen, and the unanimous passage of several laws targeted specifically at stopping you.
After years of loneliness, you'll find the only other person on Earth who cares about cuttlefish as much as you do, inspiring a mutual hatred that will last the rest of your short and violent lives.
You firmly believe that prayer is a beneficial practice for ordering your thoughts and sorting out your feelings, but only if enough people see you doing it.
You will come closer to your own elemental nature this week when a sudden lance of white-hot plasma reduces you to your component atoms.
You were never certain whether or not life is better with a little bit of mystery until you figured out exactly what that smell is.
You had always believed that there were two kinds of people in this world, but that was before you discovered the existence of the Germans.
Your joy at discovering that there is indeed meaning and purpose to life is short-lived when it turns out to involve a bunch of difficult stuff that isn't a lot of fun.
You'll revolutionize the dating industry when you combine advanced physics, chemistry and genetics to ensure that you are in fact the last man on Earth.
In outer space there is in fact no such thing as "up" or "down," so it's not clear if you'll be falling forever or rising forever through the universe.
It is beneficial for a compassionate and intelligent person to stop now and again to consider the magnificence of human endeavor, so it is fortunate indeed that Mark Trail is still in print.
You're a firm believer that travel broadens the mind, which is one reason why you haven't been outside of Missouri in more than 15 years.
It's rare that people can live a happy, healthy life without friends, so the crushing depression you're feeling is perfectly normal.
Your health continues to decline as your skin becomes too sensitive to endure sunlight and your soul remains too sensitive to endure dark, smoky bars.
While you admire his technical execution and admit he had a nice gimmick going, you have no idea who Michelangelo's target market was supposed to be.
You can't shake the feeling there has to be more to life than "seductively unzip the jacket, primly zip up the jacket" all week long.
You've read the instructions on how it's made, talked to people who claim to have made it, even seen videos of people making it, but you can't shake the feeling that when it comes to toast the toaster does all the work.
You'll be shunned at work when you go from indifference toward Whitney Houston's death to bursting into tears over her in a disturbingly short time.
You'll receive hundreds of unsolicited estimates from eager housepainters when you mention your love of Jackson Pollock while walking past a Home Depot.
Your short but remarkable career as the Serge Gainsbourg of country music will end Thursday as disgustingly as it began.
You're as envious of the moneyed classes as you are disgusted by their distance from and disregard for everyday life, but you're still no F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Just as you're coming to terms with the challenges and rewards of living alone, you begin to suspect someone else is still alive out there in the radio­active rubble.
Sometimes you feel like the whole world is spinning, spinning, spinning at a dizzying rate, causing the passage of day and night as well as fearsome Coriolis winds in the tropical regions.
When future biographers address your astoundingly large body of poetic work they'll just skip right past it, partly because it's fairly complex stuff but mostly because they're writing your biography as punishment.
You're the kind of boring person doomed to be alone while trying to solve all the problems instead of hanging out with the cool people while assigning blame.
The universe, in all its wisdom, has a plan for everyone. Strangely, you're supposed to be the nun who holds up a distributor cap and winks while the Nazis try to start their car.
That person you've been seeing will finally introduce you to her friends, so it's a good thing you have an appreciation for taxidermy.
You might not always appreciate the story God is using you to tell, but you have to admit He isn't afraid to kill off major characters.
This would be a good time to start a new dietary regimen, seeing as you haven't eaten in three days.
Sometimes the people in your life are holding you back, despite the best of intentions. Try to be patient as you inexorably drag your struggling co-workers toward the edge of the roof.
You'll become a household name when society is suddenly in need of a term for "someone who gets hit by a bus once a week."
They say if you teach a man to fish he'll eat for a lifetime, but they also say that to become a master you must defeat your teacher, so ask yourself if you want that hanging over your head before giving any fishing lessons.
You must grasp that actions have consequences. Start by not throwing broken glass over your head and forgetting all about it.
Take heart—old solutions can still work for old problems, especially if getting drunk is your solution to everything.
You'll soon move to a faraway city where nobody knows who you are, which makes it kind of odd that they're all trying to kill you too.
People can say whatever you want, but you'll remain firm in your belief that Archie is actually the greatest Manning of all.
A semitruck full of dimes will hurtle down your street and crash into your house, leaving you with no dreams left to achieve in life.
You've got tough row to hoe in front of you this week, which seems like merely a folksy euphemism until you find you've inherited a run-down potato farm.
Conflicts at work and at home are cleared up instantly this week when you decide that all women are basically just crazy bitches.
You are relived to find that, although you've left the window open and pages are indeed being torn from the calendar, you're not actually hurtling though time at a breakneck pace.
Your life certainly isn't working out the way you had planned. Try to find some sort of equivalent of unplugging it and starting it over.
You're pretty sure that if God had really meant for man to fly, he would have given us all the ability to afford our own airplanes.
The furious mobs will finally stop burning you in effigy next week, but only because they've decided to stop playing around with dolls and go right to the source.
You've always enjoyed story problems, so maybe you'll enjoy the one the police tell you about your car being found 200 miles away three days ago with eight dead women in the trunk.
The really interesting thing about next week isn't the remarkable size of the lobsters or how the polluted environment has affected their aggressiveness, but it's closely related.
The bad news is your favorite shirt will be stained beyond saving next week; the good news is your favorite tie will be untouched, which is miraculous when you think about how many times you'll be shot.
The problems of reconciling the spiritual and material, or the intellectual and emotional, shall seem as nothing to you when compared with the problem of asking Erin out to the movies.
They may be laughing at you now, but they'll have to stop eventually if only to eat, catch their breath, and get a good night's sleep in preparation for laughing at you all day tomorrow.
Sometimes all you want is to relax in your sweats with a movie and a bowl of popcorn, but this week you'll want six units of whole blood, clean bandages, a splint, and plenty of morphine.
Your death next week will seem in­explicable until people remember the ill-advised 1985 "cross your heart and hope to die" pledge you made to be best friends with Jenny Bosben.
Your fear of pubic speaking won't be helped by your habit of saying things that make large groups of people want to attack you.
The appearance of a tall dark stranger in your life will lead to a time of mystery and intrigue as you and he discuss the real meanings of the words "dark," "stranger," and even "tall."
Love has always meant different things to different people, but for God's sake, at no point in human history has it ever meant that.
It is written that you will wield a sword of light and unite the world under your wise and compassionate rule, but hey, when you get right down to it, lots of shit has been written.
When you said no one could understand the way you felt, you were ignoring the many generations before you who also had late-night cravings for Little Debbies.
Mercury rising in your sign means you'll do exactly what you want to at any given moment, just like you always do, you flighty bastard.
This is a terrible time to start new phases of your life, especially those that involve eating whole frozen Pepperidge Farm chocolate cakes before they even have time to defrost.
Due to unusual and convoluted circumstances too involved to go into here, you'll spend the next three years imprisoned in an aging 1960s girl group.
Your heart, at least, will be in the right place next week when you attempt to overcome your fear of commitment by marrying everyone you know.
Beware: Time is running out to order Girl Scout cookies from Hazel so that she can earn the stuffed penguin—and already, Thin Mints may be unavailable.
Though you've been trying to find yourself for decades, you'll be dis­appointed to tears when you find yourself living in Flagstaff and working at a screen-door factory.
Jupiter rising in your sign is usually an indicator of prosperous ambitions, but when it just keeps coming right at you, it becomes downright terrifying.
You have yet to find a love worthy of your unique affections and depth of spirit. You should strongly consider getting a goldfish.
You're saving yourself for something, all right, but as the events of the next six weeks will definitively prove, it sure as hell isn't marriage.
You'll discover a drug that allows people in committed relationships to open up to each other and have honest, meaningful conversations. The resulting bankruptcy will nearly kill you.
Due to an unusual coincidence, your fortune this week is the same as for Nov. 19, 2005. The bartender will even use the same ax.
Your unfounded and irrational fear of being alone for the rest of your life is still completely inconsistent with your justifiable and sensible fear of other people.
There's little you can do to stop the inexorable unfolding of inevitable fate, but moving the charcoal lighter fluid away from the furnace wouldn't be a bad start.
You'll finally get around to catching up on your reading just as the men in lab coats resume their midnight visits and mess it all up again.
Certainly it's disturbing that you have all those nurses chained up in your basement, but it's even more disturbing how much they all paid to be there.
Everyone's happy that you're finally off the drugs and high on life, but no one has the heart to tell you that you're putting out some of the shittiest music of your career.
This is a great time for romance in the workplace, but then again, when isn't it for the world's most deranged taco truck driver?
No notable changes.
You're not sure if your new mousetrap is better, but due to its horrifying use of liquefying blades, the world will beat a path to your door out of sheer morbid curiosity.
You'll need to find new solutions to the same old problems this week, mostly because you're really building up quite a tolerance to alcohol.
Take comfort in the fact that we are all part of a larger plan, although really it's more of an eons-spanning game of universal domination played by uncaring immortals than a "plan."
For the next week, laws will not apply to you, which is a real pain, as you've become pretty accustomed to Newton's first and third.
This is a terrible week to make decisions about your love life, although to be perfectly honest, the problem's less with the week and more with you.
It's time to make people take you more seriously. If they don't respond to your demands within a half-hour of reading this, start killing the hostages.
Walk confidently in the direction of your life's dreams, but be warned that it's really quite a long walk to Sea World.
Although no one is currently keeping statistics on falcon attacks, your next few weeks will motivate several people to begin considering the necessity.
People say you're too easygoing, unmotivated, and accepting of your own flaws, but you'll learn to live with that.
The great thing about dogs is they still feel the same way about you when your back is turned. In related news, you'll never see the Doberman attack coming.
While it's true there are only two kinds of people in the world, the stars believe it would be unkind to tell you just how much better than you the other one is.
It turns out that pianos hardly ever suddenly fall out of twelfth story windows onto people, although you'll have a hard time feeling special about it.
To improve your spiritual health, avoid the myriad temptations of the flesh. This is most easily accomplished by repeating the word "flesh" over and over until it creeps you out.
Most accidents occur at home, so stay safe this week by living on the streets of a distant city.
You've always been afraid no one will notice when you die, but take comfort: The swarm of killer bees will be very much aware of what's happening.
There is little that can truly mend a broken heart besides time. Sadly, you only have about three weeks to learn to love and be loved again.
You'll learn a lot about yourself this week, but despite that, you'll still struggle to figure out exactly what you're supposed to eat.
The stars see many things ahead for you, which is exactly the kind of vague and value-neutral statement they've spent the long eons of their existence perfecting.
Saturn and Mars rising in your sign foretell a deadly combination of conflict and the search for knowledge. To avoid sudden murder, try not to read any predictions about your future this week.
The circumstances of your life will combine in such a way as to grant you possession of a great many lemons. However, all the advice you receive regarding their purpose will be useless and trite.
The resources and knowledge of human civilization will once again be marshaled and brought to bear for the purpose of telling you what everyone's cat is doing.
One of the most magical sounds in the world is the laughter of children on Christmas morning, but it's kind of jarring when directed at you as the flames consume your body.
The stars would love to tell you what's ahead for you this week, but they've decided they'd rather wait and see the look on your face when it all happens.
Nothing will be able to prepare you for the sense of dread and fear you'll experience when you suddenly realize your life has meaning and purpose again.
Sleep will continue to elude you this week, so keep binging on coffee and amphetamines until you have enough energy to catch it.
You're not the sort of person who panics easily, which will keep you from getting on TV following next week's volcano disaster.
You're finally ready to put the entire sordid incident behind you, but it's getting another 50,000 YouTube hits a day.
TMitochondria are passed on through the mother, which is probably why your cells don't understand what you do for a living and are wondering when you'll meet somebody special.
Remember, only you can make yourself feel bad, but it's important to let people know how much you appreciate their help with it.
It's cute to get a note asking "Do you like me?" including two boxes to check, but the White House stationery makes it a little disturbing.
You'll be called in for the 20th week in a row to testify before a council of your peers on whether or not punk is in fact dead.
The stars have something important to tell you, but first you must apologize for once again forgetting Lou Rawls' birthday.
You'll be taken completely by surprise when the Maritime Administration declares you a derelict hulk and has you broken up for scrap.
They may not look that great, but they're not transmissible to sexual partners, and you can always find someone who's into genital stalactites.
You had no idea the cheetah's feces-elimination process was so loud, so violent, and so frequently what was keeping you awake at night.
Decide to make the world a better place this week, but not before making sure your stuff goes to the right charities and surviving friends.
They say your problem is inoperable, but they're wrong: It's just incurable. Go ahead and do all the operating you want.
You've never believed you were the poisoning type, but judging from all the news coverage you'll get next week, everyone else sure does.
Don't be surprised when your body goes through some changes next week. After all, that's why you've been injecting yourself with synthetic horse testosterone.
The stars will wait patiently while you look up the album art for Ted Nugent's Cat Scratch Fever, because they want you to know exactly what you look like to them.
It's good to have a detailed plan in case events take an unexpected turn, but that doesn't mean you have to go around wiping your fingerprints off everything you own.
Saturn is rising in your sign this week, bringing with it all the pain, misery, and failed business opportunities a ringed gas giant can muster.
You're a huge fan of those cheesy one-liners uttered by antiheroes right after they kill some poor slob, so good news: Your death will not be in vain.
You had no idea People magazine had a list of the 100 Most Average Bachelors, but it's still a disappointment when you don't quite make the cut.
Take heart: You have your whole life ahead of you. Also, take some advice: It would be wise to think of the life ahead of you in terms of quality and not quantity.
While it's true life is nothing more than a tale told by an idiot, take heart. After all, you're an idiot.
Despite your upcoming experiences this week, the stars still think checking the backseat of your car before getting in every time is pretty paranoid.
Congratulations: Before he got a load of you, the county coroner really thought he'd seen it all.
A shocking revelation will shake you to the core of your being this week, which is odd, because it's merely the fact that the Doobie Brothers aren't actual brothers.
Betrayal, treason, and vile cal-umny will be the order of things next week, which you must admit, sounds a lot cooler than the light office work you're used to.
Although you always thought you'd be forced to mature when you had children, it turns out you fathered a son years ago and nothing's changed.
You've always described yourself as someone who hates long goodbyes, but you've been standing on the edge of that bridge for three days now.
While it's true only God can judge you, you're making it pretty easy for Him to decide you're a jackass.
Your deep-seated belief that there is meaning and purpose to the universe will be sorely tested this week, but only by the usual crap that always happens.
Trying to eat healthier and exercise more is admirable, but only when combined with not running blindly into traffic out of sheer depression.
After pondering what truly separates man from the animals, you're pretty sure that whatever it is should really be between you and the slavering wolverine.
You'll be reduced to a caricature this week, but at least it's the cool one where you smash through a glass coffee table while coked out of your mind.
You may not be an expert on which snakes are poisonous and which aren't, but damn it, you know a cuddly one when you see it.
Mars rising in your sign this week means it's already November, and you've spent the past four months in an alcoholic haze.
You'll learn a valuable lesson about sharing this week, proving the effectiveness of hiring a top-rated sharing instructor.
They say the journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, but as far as you're concerned, crap like that is for people who can get out of bed.
Your significant other has always been the never-say-die type, but that doesn't mean he doesn't think it at you about two dozen times a day.
The stars are just going to go out on a limb here and say you're tired of turkey sandwiches.
You'll get the kind of bad news that's best shared with those closest to you, but unfortunately, you don't really know them that well.
It occurs to you that the best and most practical way for you to follow your dreams is to spend most of your time asleep.
You have problems that can only be solved by years of therapy and perhaps even medication, but by all means, continue to think it's because you haven't met the right girl yet.
You thought whale-watching sounded harmless enough, but now that they've decided to watch you back, it's really starting to become a problem.
You'll be mesmerized by the simple beauty of a grand-piano-shaped shadow that somehow just keeps getting bigger all around you.
You'll regret your decision to stop and help a kitten you've hit with your car after the furry little bastard sues you for all your worth.
The other entrants will complain that your prosthetic actually gives you an advantage in competition, which sounds insensitive, but hey, that's the Sex Olympics for you.
You'll finally make peace with your estranged father next week, but only at the cost of a healthy self-image and most of your dignity.
You will soon become obsessed with disproving the long-standing assertion regarding the impossibility of roller-skating in buffalo herds.
Next week will see you at the front of a ragtag band of orphans, but that shouldn't surprise you, as you've been running the world's shabbiest orphanage for years now.
You've always wanted to become a local legend, so please enjoy your fame as The Guy Who Smoked at the Gas Station and Everyone in the Next Town Thought Was a Meteor.
You'll reach your sexual peak tomorrow afternoon, surprising yourself almost more than the woman who owns the dachshunds.
We can't control who we fall in love with, but you're set to change all that with your new invention, the Love Controller 2.0.
You may be getting used to it and it may be more comfortable than you would have guessed, but there's always the possibility that someone will come along and turn the electric chair on.
Just when you finally get everything exactly the way you want it, you'll decide you liked the world a lot better when it had people in it.
If there's a moral to your story, you have yet to figure out what it is, which is pretty pathetic considering what that mouse went through to get the thorn out of your paw.
You've thought about titling your autobiography Untamed, but that might give away how you suffered all those bear-, tiger, and lion- related injuries.
Things have been looking dire, but you'll soon learn that a sponsorship deal with a local sausage company will fund you through 2012.
This is a good week for romance in the workplace, which is troubling for you and everyone else at the monastery.
The workings of the human heart have always been a mystery to you, but you'll soon figure it out thanks to a handy instructional pamphlet featuring a friendly cowboy.
Pisces  You'll continue to struggle with your efforts to truly know yourself, but after being chased off every doorstep on the street, you'll be pretty sure you're not the milkman.
This week you'll prove that one man can make a difference when you smear bacon grease all over the stairs and escalators at the malls closest to the retirement home.
Trouble rears its ugly head in the workplace when, simply put, they just up and fire everybody.
Sorry to tell you this, but there's no such thing as "plus-sized" deodorant soap. Just use as much regular soap as you need to wash your enormous frame.
Yes, you have a powerful thirst, but you won't relieve it by repeatedly drinking whiskey. In fact, that will actually dehydrate you further.
The doctors will be polite and professional when discussing your condition, but they'll joke about it later in the lounge before going home to stare at the ceiling, unable to sleep from thinking about it.
There will be no changes of note in your life this week, which is surprising considering how easy it should be to get a bear trap off your head these days.
There aren't many people out there who can have so much sex without enjoying themselves in the least, but you always knew you were special.
You'll try to play both sides against each other for personal gain, proving again why you are the worst chess player ever.
Your love for The Wizard Of Oz will actually come in handy when you're involved in a multiple-tractor-trailer pileup, but not for the reasons you'd think.
Strange, it seemed like having a harpoon gun around would be kind of cool, but every time you've used the damn thing it just leads to a lot of flensing work.
Usually, compromise means no one is happy.  The Missouri Compromise, however, is a great name for the mullet, a hairstyle that makes everyone happy.
Pisces  It's never too late to change your life for the better, except of course in your case, where it's almost too late to finish your poisoned coffee.
You're usually pretty good at following instructions, but what you're doing now is not what anyone had in mind when they instructed you to "boogie down."
The problems you have may be insignificant next to those of starving millions, but you can't help thinking that at least their problems will be over soon.
Expressing yourself clearly has never been your strong point, so it should come as no surprise that it'll take a few readings before people stop laughing and realize it's your suicide note.
Just because other people get away with being tremendous snobs doesn't mean you can, too, mostly because you're not as good as they are.
There's absolutely no reason you can't become successful and happy in the next six months, which will make it all that much sadder when you don't.
You'll answer an ad seeking participants in the Most Dangerous Game, but it turns out they mean Scrabble played against an extremely well-armed logophile.
For the third year in a row, no one responds to your well-meaning letters concerning what you consider to be fairly large errors in just about everything.
There's nothing in the world like a post-coital smoke, or so all the former lovers you've driven to smoke through sheer frustration keep telling you.
Change is right around the corner for you, and it's raising a nine-iron above its head and watching your shadow grow larger as you approach.
Look, just because someone puts a diving board somewhere doesn't mean you have to jump off it in order to fulfill the social contract.
Letting your fists speak for you turns out to be a good idea after all, as they make some excellent points and reach a mutually satisfying conclusion that your mind would never have come up with.
Pisces  Romantic success is coming at you fast, and will soon leave you battered, broken, and crawling through the burning wreckage of your life as it passes over you without even slowing down.
Your belief that everything happens for a reason may remain unshaken in the face of personal tragedy, but you'll certainly be upset when you find out the reason is "to get the Zodiac some chicks."
This is a great time for romance to bloom at work, because they're about to lay everyone off and inspire an office shooting spree, so hey, gather ye rosebuds.
You're wasting your potential by living life as you do now, but not as much as you're wasting your potential energy by not falling from high places.
You're not the kind of person who lets social conventions dictate how you live your life, but it would be nice if you could pull that off without being such an asshole.
The FBI will have to ask you some tough questions next week, such as whether true love really exists and what happens after we die.
You've tried everything you can think of to get that special person to like you, which of course explains why you're fleeing a nationwide manhunt.
It turns out there are actually plenty of problems you can't solve with a smile, a sincere heartfelt talk, or a large, heavy piece of lumber.
In hard economic times like these, people tend to spend more money on booze and entertainment, but they don't have to as long as you're there to go into hilarious convulsions after drinking wood alcohol.
They say you can never step into the same river twice, but thanks to crocodiles and your refusal to learn how to swim, once is all you'll need.
You thought you were powerless to deny a pretty face, but damn, not when it's sitting on top of, like, 350 pounds of blubber.
Everyone has a part to play in God's plan. For instance, your job is to create a distraction so that God can get away with the money in all the confusion.
Pisces  They say hard work never hurt anyone, and that's true, as far as it goes. The work you do at the combination gasoline refinery and drill-bit plant isn't exactly hard.
The inexorable power of destiny would render you powerless to stop the fateful events of next week, were anything ever to actually happen to you.
Taurus You've always believed you should go with your gut in important matters, which is why every major decision in your life has been accompanied by chili-cheese fries.
Although you've always claimed you'd quit when you thought you'd reached your peak, you'll find it easy to keep going when no one seems to think you'll ever improve.
You take pride in being able to take whatever life throws at you, but you really weren't expecting this many opossums.
After all you've been through, it's nice to know that lightning doesn't strike twice. Strangely, it turns out that's not true for falling safes or pianos.
You've tried leaving poems at the scene, leaving signature marks, and only working on Sundays, but the papers insist on merely calling you "The Nickname-less Killer."
You've always had a strong fight-or-flight reflex, which turns out to be completely useless when negotiating for the best price on a bedroom set.
You've finally risen to the top of your profession only to find the world's other 450,000 deep-fryer operators are pretty much there, too.
You're really getting tired of the meme of the dead hooker in the trunk, as no one ever seems to acknowledge how much work the whole situation can be.
You'll experience a breathtaking whirlwind romance this week when it's endlessly recounted by a long- winded co-worker.
You've avoided throwing the baby out with the bathwater. However, you're now left with the problem of how to dispose of a clean but rapidly drying baby.
Pisces You won't be thanked for helping to solve a major social problem when people decide to give all the credit to the guy who made the bumper sticker.
As long as people don't look too long and the lights aren't too bright, no one will be able to see where they tried to fix your face from what will happen to it this coming Thursday.
Taurus There aren't many people who get as angry at a poorly made Manhattan cocktail as you do, making it very easy for investigators to figure out what happened.
Mars enters your sign this week at a very delicate moment, but because it's the planet of war and not sensitivity, it just stands there and talks while you're on the can.
Sometimes little things mean a lot, as is demonstrated by the microscopic cluster of rapidly growing cancer cells in your pancreas.
You've honestly been trying hard to be a better person, but by Friday you'll discover you have a favorite professional wrestler.
You've always wondered if you'd ever be in a situation where the wisdom contained in the lyrics of Hank Williams, Jr. songs didn't apply, and for you, the answer is "not yet."
You've long wished you could go back to high school knowing what you know now, but you always thought there would be magical time-travel involved when it happened.
You're always the first to help a friend in need, but only when it means sneaking bulky, plastic-wrapped packages out of hotels in the middle of the night.
It's been more than 25 years since you were raised by wolves, so stop using that as an excuse for eating pizza with a fork like some kind of jerk.
While it's true military budgets are being slashed across the board, don't get any ideas. They could still slaughter you if they had to.
You'll learn a painful lesson about accepting dares while drunk, but at least the residents of Niagara Falls will have something to talk about for a while.
Pisces You always thought ladybugs were such cute, innocent insects, but it turns out that in sufficent numbers, any creature can gnaw one's leg down to the bone.
Unfortunately for your personal philosophy, it turns out the free market has yet to come up with a truly effective way to just go up to women and start talking to them.
At this very moment, hundreds of miles from where you are, some of the world's greatest intellects are attempting to change the way you think about sugar-free chewing gum.
Your actions have not gone unnoticed. Prepare to receive a summons to appear before the House Subcommittee on Talking About Work While People Are Trying to Watch Football.
Efficiency is all well and good, but the FBI agents are right to point out that from now on, kidnap the kid before you send the ransom note.
You'll undergo a crisis of conscience when you realize that, despite being a faithful American, you don't really want to watch anything that's on TV right now.
The good news is that traveling will be somewhat easier for you after next week, as you'll never again need to complain about legroom or not having a decent view.
The stars are happy to announce that starting next week you will pay your zodiac bill on time, if you know what's good for you.
The pretty lady's boyfriend will actually be a lot more polite than he absolutely has to be when explaining to you that who dates her is not determined by an essay contest.
You're not getting any younger, which means that a certain so-called "wizard" has a lot to explain concerning certain "reverse-aging potions."
It turns out that whomever you have to sleep with to get a drink around here, it's not the bartenders, the owner, the waitresses, or the bouncer.
You'll continue to inspire those closest to you to try and move away as quickly and quietly as possible.
Although your roommate thought it was crazy of you to buy all that plastic sheeting, you'll come home to find it applied to the walls and floors soon enough.
The gods do indeed enjoy playing games with our lives—tempting us with power and driving us mad with hubris—but you they just enjoy seeing hit in the balls.
You'll suffer from a continuing inability to enjoy anything but the company of friends and family, the satisfaction of a job well done, and the knowledge that you have lived a life of dignity.
You'll finally find a man who loves you for who you are, but unfortunately he's every bit as miserable as you might expect.
If you had just one piece of wisdom to impart to future generations, it would probably be unspeakably filthy.
This is a time of great uncertainty for you, but that doesn't mean the odds of drawing to an inside straight will improve at all.
You're not the kind of person who lets your physical handicaps stop you, but that's because you prey on people with even fewer limbs than yourself, you sick bastard.
LibraArtistic expression has never been your strength, so it's frankly mystifying when the National Gallery puts your margin doodles on display just to trash them.
Sometimes it's good to just sit back and watch the universe unfolding. But other times, such as next Tuesday, it's good to stop baby carriages from rolling in front of buses.
Due to your optimism, your death next week with come as a big surprise; however, due to your devout Christianity, what comes after will be a terrible shock.
A hot bowl of soup and a good night's sleep can cure many ills, it's true, but you might want to consider the possibility that you have the world's worst oncologist.
Unfortunately for your dream of having multiple gorgeous sex partners, attitudes toward sex will become much more open-minded just as attitudes toward nutrition and personal hygiene go right down the tubes.
This is a great time for romance in the workplace, if you're the sort of idiot who thinks that's even close to a good idea.
You'll find out once and for all who your real friends are when you take the steps necessary to see who does and who doesn't name you in their will.
It's true you're learning a lot and being given much to think about, but at some point you'll have to ask yourself what you really know about this "Jesus Christ."
Animals have sharper senses than humans and can sense coming events, so it's unnerving when they start wearing bibs and follow you around smacking their lips.
You've never considered yourself much of a music person, which means you'll have a lot of adjusting to do after a high-speed collision with a harpsichord leaves you tragically harmonious.
Autumn is usually thought of as a necessary part of the great cycle of renewal and not a time of looming death, but this year, as the weather cools, you may want to start giving away your things.
You're a remarkably clear-eyed and kindly person, which doesn't make it any easier for the stars to tell you about your breath.
An unfortunate time in your life will be unexpectedly extended when the judge explains that he, not you, gets to choose the manner of your community service.
Missing Barry Gibb's birthday was bad enough, but going on and on about how it was Barry Gibb's birthday and you missed it is simply intolerable.
You were in it for the thrills and never cared for fame or money, but all that will change when you discover there are Yelp reviews for people who blow closeted businessmen down by the docks.
The strange thing is, no one has been sentenced to be drawn and quartered in your state since the late 18th century, let alone volunteered for it.
Seeking exactly the right sort of closure in life may prove fruitless, but there's an odd satisfaction in getting all your loved ones to read their lines correctly.
You can believe all you want in fate and destiny, but when all's said and done, you simply lack the willpower to stay out of doughnut shops.
Remember, when potential employers ask you what your worst quality is, you're bound by law to mention all those poor, poor nurses.
You'll be happy they can no longer use that eye-for-an-eye business on you, but unfortunately the next line allows them to start in on your teeth.
Investigators will be forced to assume the buck elk all decided you were trying to mate with their does, which suggests more foresight than you'd thought possible in a common ungulate.
Giving birth is a life-altering experience, but despite the pain and wave of emotions, that's not what you did in the bathroom an hour or so ago.
While it's true they laughed at your dreams of being a talk-show host, it was actually because you did the monologue so well. Your choice of guests, however, sucks.
You will take the first hellish step down a dark path from which there can be no return when you agree to get updates on Carnival Cruise specials and discounts.
While it's true your future holds a possibility of love and a chance of financial success, it also holds an absolute certainty of angry Russian kidnappers.
The sight of the handsome young man in the apartment across from yours will awaken something deep inside of you, causing you to erupt with vomiting whenever you meet him in the hallway.
You're certainly no George Orwell, although you shouldn't have to be to recognize the sort of thing that's going on at work.
You're a self-made woman, which is a point of pride, but also means explaining a lot to the people working the X-ray machine at the airport.
Everyone has their price, but since yours is so much lower than anyone else's, you have saved a lot of people from finding out what theirs is.
Next Sunday morning will find you lying in an ice-filled bathtub with both your kidneys missing, but you won't be embarrassed, as the organ thieves will have taken your heart and lungs, too.
Your dealings with the dark powers will be jeopardized when even they are a little freaked out by how eager you are to behead all those chickens.
You will be transfixed by the realiztion that human lives are as unique as a snowflakes, and just as indistinguishable from one another when viewed from the proper distance.
You'll soon grow dependent on drugs just to make it through the day, but unfortunately it's because of cancer and not anything fun or interesting like addiction.
Your death next week will come as a complete surprise, but appropriately enough, not for the reasons you might expect.
You always thought that when the giant robots began to arrive they'd be your friends, but hey, live and learn.
You've always been afraid to try new things, which is fortunate, as a whole bunch of new things will go around killing people who try them this week.
Your pessimism and negativity are usually misplaced, but they'll be perfectly appropriate when your elevator plunges into the flames Thursday.
Sure enough, Al Green will take all your blues away trust like he always does, but the day is fast approaching when you'll find out where he's been taking them.
Millions of dollars will slip through your fingers when you discover that people are willing to pay good money for fake dog feces and decide the real thing must be worth twice as much.
While you might have been able to forgive her for walking out on you, your hatred of ska music is such that you'll never be able to forgive her for skanking out on you.
You've given up tilting at windmills once and for all, pragmatically deciding to dispatch them with much more sensible grenades instead of that horseback-lance setup.
Uncontrollable spasms will cause you to accidentally scrawl across many of your important meeting notes this week, proving conclusively that orgasms are simply not worth the trouble.
Your life will soon cross the line from comedy to tragedy, sending an entirely different group of people into gales of laughter.
You'll slowly start to see the value of improving communication in all your relationships, if only to better understand what the frantic firemen are trying to tell you.
You may feel you've run out of gas, but don't worry: It's commercially available and that trick with the Coke bottle, the rag, and the match still works like a charm.
You'll finally learn you can't run away from your problems, but you haven't given up on escaping by donning a clever disguise and hiding in a crowded restaurant.
Mars rising in your sign usually indicates increased conflict in life, but in this case it means the orbital plane of Earth has shifted and we are all about to die.
It's becoming almost impossible to wake your lover up for sex, which means you've finally hit on the right combination of drugs.
It turns out you're the reason your sign is associated with daring, free-spirited people who like to borrow whole seasons of shows on DVD and not give them back.
A heralding angel of the Lord will appear unto you, seem confused, ask the date, apologize for visiting a few years early, and tell you not to use birth control for a while.
You'll soon enjoy a nice hearty Italian dinner with your family, just like you always do after convincing Mom to enter rehab.
You might think it's wrapped up nice and neat and you can just wash your hands of the thing, but it's a baby, for Christ's sake.
You'll provide much-needed insight and deep wisdom when you loudly proclaim that those politicians are just a bunch of crooks in front of the whole bar.
Expect little change from last week, aside from the marauding badgers growing rudimentary thumbs and learning to use chipped flint tools.
The Virgin Mary will appear in a dream and tell you to go forth in the world to help the poor and needy, causing you to wake up screaming in a cold sweat.
Your crude and primitive sense of humor will offend lots of people, but just wait until they get a look at your crude and primitive sense of justice.
You're good at thinking on your feet, which means next week's encounter with the bear trap will leave you somewhat dull-witted in addition to everything else.
They say celebrities die in threes, which will be cause for alarm when you achieve sudden fame right after the Tom Cruise/Tilda Swinton murder-suicide.
You'll learn the value of patience, compassion, and tolerance next week and be rather disappointed that it's actually so low.
Please stop exclaiming "That's my jam!" whenever a good song comes on. Everyone knows you are only allowed one jam.
Disregard your suspicions: People aren't secretly plotting to murder you. You can tell by the open, friendly way they say they will murder you right to your face.
You used to think you were pretty dark on the inside, but a run-in with a pavement saw will prove there's plenty of purple, green, and translucent bits in you too.
You'll finally decide to try that new restaurant around the corner this week, thrilling the stars to no end, as they were wondering if you were ever going to give them something to say.
You'll actually have an extremely pleasant day Friday due to the extremely powerful narcotics given to you in the severe burn ward.
Be more sensitive to the wishes of others this week, as your indifference to them is affecting your career as a magic-lamp genie.
Mars rising in your sign indicates you are something of a coward, mostly because of the way you keep flinching at it.
You'll feel a strange mixture of pride and terror when NASA announces it will replace the space shuttle with you in launches starting late next year.
Considering how easy it is to get them these days, you're starting to regret choosing "hugs" over any number of things that rhyme with them.
Your theory that your life eerily echoes the events in Casablanca is disrupted even further by the disparity in people's emotional involvement with their endings.
Every marriage is like a little nation unto itself, and the failure of yours is a textbook example of how investment in education, the arts, and maybe a puppy are desirable goals for civilization.
Often it feels as if everything is too hard for you and that anything you try ends in failure, but take heart: Those feelings have to be wrong eventually.
Sometimes we find amazing things in places we least expect them, whether it's true love, peace of mind, or, in your case, a pack of furious marauding cannibals.
You have no idea why you've been experiencing laughter, tears, a sudden desire for fried chicken, or an impulse to call the law offices of Marvin Falbaum, but it's probably the TV.
Decent people everywhere will be shocked and appalled by the treatment you received and the conditions under which you were held, but it's not like their jobs are any better.
You'll find yourself curiously unfulfilled, if not a little frightened, when you finally learn the answer to the question of who watches the birdwatchers.
In retrospect, you should have paid more attention to the obvious warning signs, which were of course placed there by the Department of Transportation for just that purpose.
You've been fooling yourself for so long that you've lost track of your sense of identity, your joy in life, and which one is actually the real Shroud of Turin.
If you somehow magically had the chance to do it all over again, you'd do everything in your power to make her happy. You don't, though, because that's not the way it works.
 
One of the worst moments of a person's life is when they finally realize that they're mortal and are going to die, especially when it's a person like you who only sees the cement truck at the last second.
You've been looking for true love for so long now that you've forgotten to do anything else, which should give you a clue as to why you didn't enjoy Comic-Con.
You just don't see what place slingshots have in today's modern world, which is yet another reason why you are such a terrible parent.
Your irrational fear of sharks will disappear forever this week and be replaced with an extremely educated and informed fear of sharks.
The universe would like to thank you for your participation, hopes you know that you were really great, and wishes you luck in all your future endeavors.
You'll probably be surprised how quickly you become used to your new life, but then again, since you'll leave most of your frontal lobe back in your old life, maybe you won't be.
Your theory that "After this, they won't dare to elect another one of those bastards" sounds hopeful, but it flies in the face of everything we've learned in the past 20 years.
You're generous to a fault, that fault being that you've acquired a reputation as the guy who always comes up with the ransom money.
You'll uncover startling proof that there is in fact nothing more to life than sitting around watching True Blood all day.
The events of your life will continue to uncannily mirror those depicted in the film Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Next week: Hôtel Terminus.
Please try to keep in mind that high summer temperatures do not indicate the end of the world. The magma flowing up from the cracks in the earth, however, bear thinking about.
You'll continue to brag about how well your career is going, although most people wouldn't call repeatedly visiting every all-you-can-eat buffet in the tri-state area a "career."
While innovative, your plans for a solar-panel-powered sex machine will fall victim to a wave of scorn and derision.
It may be time to get help for your fear of public speaking now that it's tragically prevented you from yelling "Look out!" to yet another group of innocent bystanders.
Somehow, exclaiming "Someone in this very room is the mur≠derer!" lacks dramatic weight when everyone just saw you beat a guy to death with a tire iron.
It's not as if you have an insatiable thirst for blood. You're just insatiably thirsty and blood happens to be what's around.
You'll meet your own mortality face-to-face this week and be completely disarmed by his boyish smile, nice suit, and career as an environmental lawyer.
You'll be frustrated and mortified when it turns out there's no such thing as a professional snipe hunter, but the pay's good and you get to work a four-day week.
You'll be faced with the choice of either investing in apartment insurance or getting rid of your cat and her thus far undetected fascination with candles.
The idea that nothing can offend you anymore is shattered when you find out what atrocities George Lucas has in store for the 35th anniversary of Star Wars.
You said you'd retire after one last job, and 40 years after accepting a minor actuarial position with Amalgamated Loan and Trust, you're honoring your word.
Constantly seeking approval is unhealthy, but you should still consider the opinions of those nice folks from the Secret Service.
The verb "tear" is somewhat misleading here, but certain people and circumstances in your life will in fact combine to give you a new asshole.
You thought you were over her, but the memories keep flooding back as the scars heal and your brain tissue repairs itself.
You're sick and tired of being treated like a child, except for the sexy parts where they change your dirty, filthy diapers.
Remember: If you give in to the impulses to do whatever you want with your life, you'll become one of those happy, satisfied people you resent so much.
You may treasure the sense of mystery you have about the future, but really, learning the days of the week won't ruin the magic.
Travel and adventure are in your future this week as your captors continue crossing state lines to stay one step ahead of the law.
You'll wake up naked in a hotel bed between the corpses of a prostitute and a district attorney and have no memory of what happened, but presumably it's the same situation as last time.
You'll soon experience redoubled energy, a renewed sense of purpose, and a profound rush of confidence, proving once again that cocaine cannot be trusted.
Your sneaking feeling that people are out to get you just shows how delusional you are, as you should know damn good and well that they're out to get you.
They say lightning never strikes twice, which doesn't explain what's been happening to you at three o'clock every Wednesday for the past three months.
You always dreamed of being a human cannonball, but you had no idea that advances in artillery technology would limit your career to a very small number of appearances.
They'll say what you did to all those nurses was unspeakable and ugly, but you know in your heart they're all really just jealous.
You may have great quantities of bravado, élan, and puissance, but there's no way to be sure until you find out what those words mean.
The stars foresee many amazing things ahead of you this week, but really, they're too good to just tell you about in advance.
You'll inspire thousands to go out and do something with their lives in order not to wind up being as pathetic and useless as you are.
The rescue workers won't need to knock down an entire wall of your house to get you out, but they want to make you feel extra fat.
You'll resolve not to fall for the same old tricks just as your shoelace goes untied, a menacing figure looms up right behind you, and you finally find true love.
Someday you'll look back on all this and laugh, you sick, demented, inhuman monster.
Love means different things to different people, but you'll have a hard time finding someone to whom it means "a profound degree of affection."
It's kind of disappointing, really, but it turns out you and your archenemy actually aren't that much alike at all.
LibraPeople have a hard enough time believing "timbersports" are a real thing without you trying to achieve notoriety by becoming its all-time most penalized participant.
It turns out that sorting is one of God's least favorite things, as you'll learn this week when you decide to kill them all and let Him sort them out.
You've decided to pull one last big job and then retire, although it is unclear exactly how this will work for a trombone instructor.
While it's true there's nothing you wouldn't do to make your friends happy, that impulse will soon come into conflict with your willingness to do anything for a decent piece of pie.
You never thought you'd get tired of the endless parade of deep-fried food that is your life, and sure enough, it hasn't happened yet.
Unfortunately, popular entertainment has led you to believe that when you try to deliver a baby while trapped in a malfunctioning elevator, the mother and baby both survive.
You'll show the world just how good an infant car seat can be once you cast aside petty concerns like cost and safety.
It's not true that opening the dictionary to "loser" shows your picture, but for some reason they're still using it for "anteater," "caisson," and "dumbass."
Sadly, it turns out that of all the people you've ever known, the only one who has your best interests at heart is comedian Katt Williams.
For some reason, all your plans for life boil down to "In the confusion, we get away with both the money and the girl."
We don't get to choose the person we fall in love with, as is obvious from the human pile of garbage you'll be following around with roses and candy this week.
They say if you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything, which is good enough for people who aren't going to have their legs taken off by a road grader this week.
LibraNow that you take a closer look at what's on display, you can tell exactly why the emperor has no clothes. I mean, Jesus Christ.
You'll be ruled unfit for trial, but they seem to think you're just fine for sentencing and execution.
You said you'd retired, but $45 and a free bag of groceries isn't something a person can just walk away from.
You have to stop worrying about what everyone else says, especially nonsense like "You should dress better," "Nice people don't do that," and "Put down the gun and release the hostages."
You've always thought of yourself as the ultimate cat person, but you'll change your mind this week after meeting the 7 feet of man and whiskers that is Big Meow Johnson.
You will soon make a comfortable living exploiting other people's deep-seated anxieties and crippling fears.
Sometimes the exact right thing falls right out of the sky and hits you between the eyes, which will be the case next week after the bowling-ball plant upwind from you explodes.
You'll worry about your mental health when your dog suddenly begins speaking to you in a commanding voice, but all it seems to want is food, water, and the occasional walk.
You'll set off on an unnerving romantic adventure with a new partner who shares your unhealthy interests and reflects all the things you like least about yourself.
Soon you will reach the halfway point of your life, allowing you to look back on past triumphs as well as forward to the time when you'll be old enough to legally buy alcohol.
They'll say you died of a broken heart, but that's only because no one wants to explain autoerotic asphyxiation to your poor mother.
Demanding excellence from yourself and your colleagues is not enough. Demand excellence from yourself and excellence, cash, and valuables from your colleagues.
LibraEverything will go just fine next week except for the part with the truckload of carpet tacks, which doesn't really come when you'd think the part with the truckload of carpet tacks would.
It's true that just one more cookie won't hurt, as the volcanic activity that will soon render all your earthly concerns irrelevant has been building up for months now.
You'll have difficulty making yourself understood next week, and for quite a while, even though the people who found you frozen in that block of ice are extremely intelligent scientists.
You really hate it when people say "let's get out of here" in disaster movies, which is hypocritical given how it's usually the first thing out of your own mouth during a disaster.
The stars apologize for the lack of detail in last week's horoscope about being seduced by a tall, dark stranger, but you must admit you had never seen that horse before.
You'll have a hard time finding inner peace, but frankly, you're snorting so much large-animal tranquilizer the stars figure you don't really care.
Sometimes words are simply not enough to express how someone is feeling, which is why people keep insisting on defecating on your doorstep.
Your quest to become the World's Greatest Lover will be derailed as you continue only meeting people who think you'd be a really great parent.
Your old solution isn't going to work on your new problem. Try drinking twice as much of it.
You've often said you'd like a word with whoever is responsible for all the bullshit, leaving you conflicted when you're promoted to manager of all the bullshit.
It will be nothing short of inspiring to see how quickly the community mobilizes once your profile goes up on the dating sites.
You'll narrowly avoid an unlikely set of circumstances that almost sees you married to a horse, but you'll still be joined in matrimony to the two guys who were in the horse suit.
LibraAlthough you'll admit you enjoy the new Doctor Who, you resent being referred to as "the kind of person who likes the new Doctor Who."
The attention will be nice and all, but until Thursday you'll have no idea there is a world record for Amount of Crap Put Up with in a Lifetime.
Your inability to be spontaneous is well known, which will leave people struggling to put a name to what happens when you combust without warning next Wednesday.
This is an excellent time for romance in the workplace, leaving you wishing you hadn't signed that pesky form saying you wouldn't have any.
You'll experience a sense of bone-deep certainty that you have not lived in vain now that "lying down on top of things" has actually become a fad.
You'll build a better mousetrap, all right, but your mousetrap will be so terrifyingly good that people will avoid beating a path to your door for the sake of their own mortal souls.
You'll be pleasantly surprised by how many of your life's problems can be temporarily solved by just not paying attention.
Do not doubt for one second that love is real. However, your cutesy, saccharine idea of love is about as far from reality as it is possible to imagine.
For the last time: Just because others are getting jiggy with it does not mean society gives you permission to try and follow suit.
It may be true that sometimes you feel like a motherless child a long way from home, but for accuracy's sake, you should just be feeling like a self-pitying asshole.
Although you didn't think you had any "Greatest Hits," there they are, 10 of them, for sale on cassette tape at a Knoxville-area Flying J truck stop.
You'll never be able to express your love for others, so take what comfort you can in your ability to express a need for more stuffed potato skins.
You had such great plans for the future, but sadly, they depended on the invention of room- temperature fusion and you learning to get up before noon.
You're not sure what you expected, but life as a cliff diver is no different from life as a data entry technician, except for all the cliff diving and the lack of data entry.
Try as you might, you won't be able to remember the name of that one movie where Henry Fonda plays a real son of a bitch.
Seriously, if you keep being such a creepo to the stars' buddy Sophie, they'll have to remind you exactly who controls the meteor showers in this here cosmos.
Your new job in the severe-burn ward is less fun than you'd anticipated, as it turns out the patients show up already like that.
It's a terrible time to travel, start a new romance, or take initiative in business matters, which is odd, zodiac-wise, as it's usually the other way around.
After a long, sweaty, painful time trying to fix a knotty problem yourself, you'll finally admit defeat and call in a real thoracic surgeon.
You'll become frustrated and depressed when, after approaching beautiful women with the corny line "I must paint you," you find it actually works like a charm.
A horrifying incident with a knife-thrower, a chainsaw-juggler, and a fire-eater will result in grievous bodily harm, although it's kind of a surprise that it mostly involves being hit by a bus.
The stars are sorry, but someone has already thought of starting a band with two of each instrument in it. It wasn't all that great an idea then, either.
You aren't the first person to try to change someone after falling in love, but you might be the first to try to unfold that someone into a robot.
The powers-that-be will get back to you on that pesky legal matter with the news that they're sorry, but you can't be officially recognized as the first blind person to drive across North America if you put out your eyes just before crossing the finish line.
Some say the world will end in ice, some fire. However, the end of your personal world will be most notable for banal remarks on the humidity.
While it's true there is no plumbing the depths of the human heart, you'll come up with some novel ideas about its heating and electrical wiring.
Your theory that there are only two types of people in the world won't go over well with the only other survivor of this week's global thermonuclear holocaust.
You've always considered yourself a belt-and-suspenders type, but all everyone else seems to focus on is your lack of pants.
Buck up: You still have a lot of life ahead of you, even if the good part was over years ago.
You will fall into a pattern of self-destructive behavior this week when you discover how much fun that sort of thing is.
Sleep will elude you as you wrestle all night with existential questions of mortality and meaning as well as a couple of random wrestlers.
You'll start to think the people who want you to choose between hugs and drugs have set up a false dichotomy after discovering you can actually have both at once.
Remember, only you can give yourself permission to be happy, although the people in charge of giving you permission to use the bathroom may have something to say about that.
You had no idea the love life of the nuthatch was so vigorous, so obsessive, and so likely to result in the death of people like yourself who just like to watch birds do it.
You hate the phrase "We're through the looking glass here, people," but you'll have to use it anyway this week when you and a bunch of people go through a looking glass.
The stars hate to be the ones to tell you, but the problem with you is certainly not that you love too much.
People will say you've hit a new low even for you, which is depressing, as they clearly haven't been paying attention to a thing you've done.
You'll score a bunch of great stereo equipment and furniture from your neighbors, who happen to die when you go into their house and stab them and take all their things.
You'll finally give in to a persistent coworker's desire to, as he puts it, "spread you wide open, throw your feet up on the mantel, and really go to town," but to your great dismay there seems to be sex involved.
You knew that moving to the suburbs would expose you to a whole new kind of culture shock, but you had no idea there were people who didn't get drunk to mow the lawn.
Romance will bloom in your sign this week, coating everything with a thin layer of pollen and making a mess before germinating into the overripe and rotten fruit of routine.
There will be no major changes in your life this week, which given the fires and barracudas, is pretty terrible news.
Home is where your heart is, and your lungs and liver too, but despite a monthlong search they'll never find all of you.
For the third excruciating week in a row, you will find yourself power-less to prevent your day from perfectly mimicking the lyrics of "Stairway To Heaven."
You can't help but feel that if there were something you could do to stop being such a wishy-washy, passive, indecisive loser, you would have done it by now.
Air and fire magicks are very strong in your sign right now, so it's fortunate that you're really into igniting your own flatulence.
You'll find steady if undignified employment as the guy who stands right behind the crime boss and emphatically repeats the last words of all his sentences in a sneering voice.
You'll fall short of funky expectations this week when you find yourself digging the scene and looking clean, but without any sort of gangster lean.
The stars have no wisdom or portents to impart at this time, but thought it would be bad manners not to at least say hi.
You've always wanted to be the one that people come to for wisdom and comfort, but you'll have to settle for being the one that the stripper winds up talking to about her kids.
Sometimes there is just no way to say you're sorry, but the rest of the time you should probably try just walking up to the person and saying "I'm sorry."
You try to be a decent person with a good perspective on life and a firm view of right and wrong, but you'll soon find yourself ordering something called a half-caff skinny maple soy latte.
You'll be devastated by the news that you could have stopped a major tragedy in Nigeria if you had only answered their pleading e-mails in time.
Your eyes will be a little too big for your stomach next week when a sudden hideous allergic reaction causes your eyes to swell up to six times their usual size.
You refuse to buy into society's petty, narrow-minded definitions of good and evil, or at least that's what you tell people when they notice you're a lousy tipper.
You'll be doing a lot of traveling in the near future due to your inability to dribble a basketball effectively.
When all's said and done, you've loved and been loved in return, and no one can take that away from you. However, they can make sure you don't get paid for it.
There will come times in life when you find it impossible to tell the dancer from the dance. Be advised the person is the dancer and the dance is the series of motions being made.
Your true goal continues to elude you when you succeed in breeding pandas to a mailbox, a surprised cat, and a traumatized lab assistant.
While "To thine own self be true" is wise advice, it was intended for someone whose own self didn't sit on the couch eating beef jerky and watching car-auction shows.
You'll experience a slight setback when events beyond your control force you to repeat age 8 all over again, which actually isn't half bad.
You've always detested clichés, tired old jokes, and easy irony, which are three more reasons why you're going to hate being killed by a falling safe.
They say a good friend will bail you out of jail but a best friend will share your cell. With that in mind, your best friend will stab you with a sharpened toothbrush this week.
Authorities acknowledge that yes, technically you went on a tristate killing spree, but since you did it in the Four Corners region of the Southwest, it actually makes you look lazy.
When the stars told you this was a good time to start new projects at work, they certainly didn't expect you to put Vaseline on the stairs and then pull the fire alarm.
Thanks to the events of this week, when people think "fish sticks," they'll think of you. Then they'll throw up, especially if they're eating fish sticks.
The rest of the year will seem to fly right by, along with a few hundred others, after you're frozen in a giant block of ice.
Despite the efforts of literally hundreds of singers to tell you "let's go," you have yet to actually go.
You'll come face-to-face with many of life's mysteries next week, none bigger than why the Angel of Death looks like a younger, slimmer Roy Clark.
You're not usually the kind of person who cries at weddings, but this one's of a former lover, you're at a strange place in your life, and soot gets in your eyes when the whole church burns down with everyone inside.
It's sad to think that when they tell the story of your life, you'll only be remembered as one of two guys whose most notable achievement was to walk into a bar.
You and a man with no arms will be stuck in an elevator together for three and a half hours, but it'll only take you eight minutes to piss him off with insensitive questions about ass-wiping.
Just when you start to think that you haven't seen the strange men in lab coats for a while, bam, there they are in line with you at Bed, Bath, and Beyond.
After your 17th time around as an underpaid office worker in the late-20th-to-early-21st centuries, you're really starting to become disenchanted with the whole reincarnation thing.
Sometimes you actually hate yourself for going out and drinking until five in the morning, but most times that's just what you tell people.
You'll discover a brilliant legal loophole that will both get rid of that annoying guy at work and force the Department of Justice to serve you any meal you want.
You firmly believe that everything has a soul, which explains why you think your tape dispenser is a bad person.
The jury won't be able to really feel disgust at your habit of eating your murder victims, because, hey, who doesn't love deep-fried food on a stick?
You'll have yet another disastrous first date when you get something stuck between your front teeth and a crosstown.
The reality turns out to be okay, but when you heard the phrase "taco truck," you pictured a giant taco that was also a truck.
While it's true that someone in Baltimore loves you, this is less a reason for a jaunty T-shirt than a cause for genuine concern.
The stars hear your unasked question, and the answer you seek is: "If they keep losing their opener to the Pirates, way more than 103 years."
You'll be spared a potential source of great conflict and divisiveness in your life this week when it's born dead.
Don't worry: There is nothing wrong with you that emergency brain surgery and a quadruple bypass within the next 90 minutes won't solve.
Your lips are red and chapped because you keep licking them. To balance this out, lick yourself raw everywhere else.
Next week will call for many, many pairs of leather pants, which would be fine with you if they didn't have to be the kind of pants with asses in them.
You'll soon be feeling like your old self again thanks to a sudden and tragic relapse into alcoholism.
The sudden spike in the salmon population is no surprise to anyone who knows the real reason you like swimming so much.
A regular routine can provide much-needed structure, but you might be better off if you didn't start every day with a guy trying to saw your head off.
It's probably best if you just put your head down and keep sharpening pencils for the next few years.
You're not the kind of person who can wear those stylish strappy heels, mostly because you're too stupid to figure out how shoes go on.
Love, wisdom, and luck are all strong in your zodiac sign this week, providing further proof that you are not your zodiac sign.
The bellboy will be a little intimidated by all your luggage, but, frankly, a single suitcase nuke won't do the job on a city that size.
You'll become embroiled in a vicious conflict between those who feel Queens of the Stone Age are overrated and those who want control of the cocaine trade on the Eastern Seaboard.
You're starting to believe that your neighbor is trying to hide something from you with all those clothes she insists on wearing.
The stars have nothing to say to you this week, as they're trying to work on their own future for once, if you don't mind.
Spice things up in the bedroom this week by inviting someone to go in there with you for some intercourse.
You'll have strange dreams in which a bearded hippie in a long robe urges you to cast off your burdens and join him at the right hand of his father, but it's probably nothing.
Next week will be a joyful whirlwind of magic, laughter, and romance, so it's too bad you're going to miss the whole thing.
You'll be saddened when it turns out that all those people who only like you for your money turn out not to be very good friends.
Old promises come due this week when you're reminded of your pledge to get a real job just as soon as the Portuguese prime minister retires.
You'll continue to spend your days covered in feathers and bird shit, proving that being dressed by birds every morning isn't all it's cracked up to be.
It's important, as Kipling said, to treat triumph and disaster both the same, but it seems all you ever get are mild satisfaction and vague disappointment.
You're trying to live healthier, but you'll continue refusing to give up cigars, since they're still the best way to light the dynamite you throw into children's hospitals.
You will soon be judged by a jury of your peers, which is a good thing, as people who weren't also self-centered drunken assholes would probably want you dead.
You'll ask the tool salesman for a drill press that can bore all the way through a bowling pin the long way, but he'll know damn well what you really want it for.
You'll be asked to give up your destructive patterns of behavior by concerned people who love you but don't understand how much fun it is to destroy things.
The blessed arrival of a baby in your life would be greeted with a lot more joy if you could figure out who mailed it to you.
Investigators on the scene of the accident will say there was nothing you could have done, unless you count not stomping on the gas and driving straight into the huge tanker truck.
Someday, people will have healthy, well-adjusted attitudes toward sex, but until then, you can still have it occasionally.
Your ravenous hunger for human flesh will be quashed when you find out how it's made and how much artificial crap is in it.
You will be granted an uncommonly long life, though an uncommonly large part of it will be spent getting into bus accidents.
There will be a brief cease-fire in the age-old war between the sexes as both sides cooperate in hunting you down and trying you for war crimes.
The flaw in your plan was the part where your accomplice would start a fire, and in the confusion, you would sneak into the hilosophy department and finish writing your dissertation.
You'll become embroiled in a steamy office romance next week, which would be better if you weren't the trusty in charge of bringing the warden his meals.
It's going to be hectic and stressful for the next few days, but it'll all be worth it by Friday when the pope excommunicates you for the coolest reason ever.
You're a bit sad that you never get invited to cool parties, but you'll be downright angry when you hear about the awesome ones they hold at your place the second you leave every day.
Remember, a bend in the road isn't the end of the road. While we're on the subject, the circular device on the dashboard can be used to turn your car.
Next week's horrifying accident inspires an outcry for more stringent safety standards in coal-fueled power plans until everyone realizes it was actually just all your fault.
Your whole life is thrown into a terrible new perspective when you learn that Enter The Dragon is not intended to be a romantic comedy.
Your troubles will all be over next week, and what's even better, it all happens so fast that investigators will agree you probably didn't feel a thing.
You'll get a free beverage refill when ordering a large-sized French fries, but really that's going to be about it for you this week.
You should avoid making any financial decisions next week, as the pain you'll be in from all the third-degree flash burns will probably affect your judgment.
While the ideal gas law is certainly important, your attempt to apply it to every situation in your life can only lead to disaster.
Former Rams quarterback Norm Van Brocklin will appear to you in a dream and explain to you at embarrassing length why you're not quite good enough for Bart Starr to appear in your dreams.
All your hard work will finally pay off this week, but not, of course, for you.
You're starting to think about settling down, finding a nice little place, starting a family, maybe eventually even getting some clothes.
Don't worry: There's absolutely nothing wrong with your goals, as long as you realize they're unrealistic and you can never actually achieve them.
Rescue personnel will stretch the English language, the human voice, and the average person's constitution to unprecedented limits while trying to describe the horrible sounds you'll make next week.
This is a good month to take long trips, as long as you travel in a slow, ground-based vehicle without all that much fuel in it.
The habit is certainly awkward for your friends and family members, but this would actually be a bad time to discontinue your practice of carrying a battle-ax to church.
The constellation Virgo has seen you gazing at her in silent supplication, and she has this message for you: Her eyes are up here.
You'll be astounded to learn this week that, in certain less-than-legitimate circumstances, monkeys do come in barrels, but they are no fun whatsoever.
You've succeeded in breeding pandas in captivity, but the hard part will be getting them to breed with each other.
You always wanted to die peacefully at home in your sleep, but look at it this way: You'll be at home, all right, and the flames will spread so fast you'll only be awake for a few seconds.
You're spending less time con≠sidering your future these days, which, all things considered, is only appropriate.
Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do. Push your grandmother in front of a bus this week.
Time and space are both illusions, making it even more frustrating that you're always in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Venus, the Herald of Love, passes into your sign this week, but it's so creepy in there that She only takes about six minutes to get out again.
Just keep telling yourself it's all going to be all right until you finally get it through your head once and for all that you can't trust anything you say.
Although it's true you can successfully hide certain things in plain sight without anyone noticing, it turns out not to be true of a whole Girl Scout troop's worth of corpses.
You tend to think of yourself as a big neurotic mess, but don't sell yourself short. You're also a big psychotic mess on top of it all.
The stars don't believe they actually have to say this, but just because you find a recipe that makes pancakes for 1,500 people doesn't mean you actually have to make that many.
You will die alone, unmourned, and unloved, but because you do it on live television, you'll still manage to be considered a success.
Your problem, if you're honest with yourself, isn't that you love too much. It's that you make love to people's mailboxes too frequently.
Don't worry: You're more than just a collection of annoying, loosely bundled neuroses. There are some tightly wound and dangerous psychoses in there, too.
It's true that your heart is mature beyond your years, which is nice, except in the case of your rapidly aging mistrial and aortic valves.
Someday in the future, humanity will have a healthy attitude toward sexuality, but until then, you have an idea that could make you incredibly rich.
You are about to embark on a great journey across an infinite ocean of possibilities, unless of course the more cynical theories about the afterlife are correct.
Your confusion over the exact meaning of the term "elope" will become apparent this week when parts of the bodies begin to turn up in the desert.
Your fear of change means that spending the next few centuries in a block of ice will be extremely soothing, at least until the New Reformed Xalfraxian Alliance thaws you out.
You'll never again hear a negative word spoken of you, thanks to your sweet nature and an unfortunate incident with a pair of explosive earbuds.
It's unclear whether you're going to murder ice cream men or become an ice cream man and murder people, but the stars are pretty certain you're going to be known as the Ice Cream Man Murderer.
You've never asked anybody for anything in your life, which may be why those expectant waiters have been following you around for years.
You'll become a victim of boredom in the workplace when the technicians figure out a way to make your x-rays a lot more interesting.
Although roughly 70 percent of the earth's surface is covered by water, that still doesn't explain why you have to be rescued from drowning all the time.
You don't know why people are so freaked out by your collection of bloody children's underwear. After all, it says Museum of Bloody Children's Underwear right on the hand-painted sign on your house.
This would be a bad week to leave your mansion, seeing as how you've betrayed about half of the people of Wisconsin.
True love will careen into your life without warning next week, spin you around, take your breath away, dislocate your elbow,shatter your femur, and move on without having noticed you.
When all's said and done, it's our experiences that make us who we are. However, that doesn't explain why you're assistant manager of the produce department.
There are some kinds of pain that never go away, but after all these years you'd think they'd come up with a way to get that lobster to let go of your nose.
You will never be able to explain to anyone's satisfaction how all those chickens could just appear out of nowhere.
You try to be an accepting person, but you still don't see why some people can't be a nice, normal gender instead of women.
Turns out that while dogs can't actually smell fear, they're really good at smelling who likes to carry bacon around in their pockets.
When you think about it, there's really only one way to quit your job at the refinery in a way they'll remember for hundreds of years.
All celestial signs point to you suddenly coming into possession of a great deal of twisted aircraft-grade aluminum, charred wiring, and burning jet fuel, but it's not what you think.
You, your couch, and your TV will be whisked away to a remote island by a wealthy sportsman who has waited all his life to hunt the Least Dangerous Game.
Once again, you'll be saved from boredom by the fact that matches are often given away for free in establishments that sell alcohol.
It's not wearing a white dress to your third wedding that people will find odd. It's the blood of your two previous husbands on the veil and train.
Truth be told, you haven't been a very good father, but it's not your fault that the mothers of your children haven't informed you of their existence.
You'll receive a recorded message from your future self in which you appear extremely insistent that an unspecified person be thanked for a waffle recipe.
A journey of self-improvement ends almost before it starts when you find out there's a kind of waffle stuffed with cheese and booze.
Your coworkers seem to be hinting that they wouldn't mind if you got rid of that beard, but you've been married to her for almost 10 years now.
Pluto rising in your sign this week indicates vast trouble ahead, as you really shouldn't be able to see it with the naked eye like that.
Your plan to put on a spectacular song-and-dance show to raise desperately needed cash will somehow fail to save your foundering musical.
You will realize too late that an absolute monarch is still in thrall to the needs of his subjects when your hamsters start dying of starvation.
Although you feel as if you are all alone in a cold, brutal, and uncaring world, there are in fact 7 billion other people there.
Earth and Water magics are very strong in your sign this week, indicating that this is a good time to do mud-related activities.
You've always believed that your soul is a lonely seeker of Truth, which does not explain why it's usually found in a crowded line waiting for Cinnabon.
It's actually not true that doctors would simply allow you to die in order to harvest your organs. You'll be dead, all right.
Everyone will think you're just making a hilarious reference, undermining your efforts to warn everyone that the alien manifesto is, in fact, actually a cookbook.
An angel will appear to you in glory and foretell that you shall have happiness, peace, and the riches of the world, which would be better if he didn't keep getting your name wrong.
The powers that be are in fact watching you at all hours and tracking your every move, but only because they're hoping you'll slip on the ice and drop your groceries again.
You'll soon have the opportunity to reflect on all the crucial moments of your youth when a chunk of flying rebar erases all your memories after age 9.
You'll receive a strange e-mail from the Nigerian government describing in painstaking detail the management of its petroleum-distribution infrastructure.
After years of work, you will be asked to submit your paper "There Is Nothing Like A Good Plate Of Bacon And Eggs" to the philosophy department at the Sorbonne.
You'll finally discover what you were born to do when you turn out to be the only person at Gorilla Taco who fits in the combination gorilla/taco suit.
For the last time: Once your first male child is dead, the next one in line does not automatically become your firstborn son, so cool it with all the sacrifices.
Although the secrets of heaven and earth are denied to you, the secret of pancakes turns out to be the use of sour cream.
They say it's never too late to do something meaningful with your life, which is a nice idea, but you actually have about nine days.
Kindly strangers will do you a favor this week by removing your blindfold, taking away the stick, and explaining exactly what is meant by the word "piñata."
Smile, and the world smiles with you; cry, and you cry alone. But if you're standing over a pile of dismembered infants and there are TV cameras around, you should probably try for the opposite.
You will finally meet the man of your dreams, which sounds like good news until you remember some of your dreams.
It's simply not true that most people think you're an anonymous loser. In fact, most people have never even heard of you.
You will soon come into a great deal of money, resulting in your arrest and immediate dismissal from your job as a bank teller.
You've seen the evidence and spoken to eyewitnesses, but you still think that Bernese mountain dog puppies are just too cute to be real.
The stars say that you will have a decent week, but will forget to buy milk on Wednesday and will wear the wrong shoes for the weather Friday. Seriously, there are around 200 billion stars in the Milky Way alone, and some of them can be pretty specific.
You've raised three children, started a successful business, and made peace with God, but you'll soon discover that there are some things duct tape just can't do.
Your plans for an exciting weekend will be spoiled when a busybody scientist decides he just has to ask you why you want all that plutonium.
It will seem as if you've finally received divine evidence of your Christlike nature, but it turns out all women bleed like that.
You've always been afraid of someone washing your mouth out with soap, but that was before you learned they made a special mouth-soap in the form of a minty paste.
Remember: The patient raindrops can eventually wear away even the hardest stone. Don't let them get to close if you value your life.
There are two kinds of people in this world, and you're almost certain that one of the two kinds does not have a penis.
The stars foresee great heartbreak, loss, and danger ahead for you, especially if you do not stop asking why they didn't tell you George Clooney was going to get malaria.
You will be physically overwhelmed by the simple eloquence and timeless beauty of a LeRoy Neiman painting, proving that there are dire consequences to having shitty taste.
While there's no shame in admitting you don't know everything, there's actually quite a lot of shame in admitting you can't figure out how to eat chips and salsa.
Remember: It doesn't matter how well the bear dances, because it's impressive the bear can dance at all. Now go shave, lose some weight, and take dancing lessons.
People say there are no second chances in life, but even as they tighten the straps, you'll be listening for the governor's phone call.
Help out your friends and relatives with a sensitive issue this week. Clearly label all your worldly possessions with the name of the intended recipient by about 8:15 on Friday night.
You will be suddenly struck by the realization that there is no meaning to the universe save that we make, and that all human love is merely sexuality in disguise, but then you'll be struck with the realization that some jalapeño poppers would be great about now.
Love is strong in your sign this week. Please be advised that, precession of the equinoxes or not, this is still your sign.
Outside influences will attempt to bedazzle you with strange mathematics and exotic rhetoric about a strange new sign in the sky, preventing you from meeting a dark-haired stranger.
Just as the ancient Babylonians were wise to restrict the telling of the future to a mere dozen signs, you would be wise to start new projects at work this week.
Vast and mighty cosmic forces stemming from the 12 majestic signs of the zodiac have conspired to foresee travel in your future. That's right, 12 majestic signs, not 13.
You know what's a stupid name for a zodiac sign? Ophiuchus. It certainly doesn't sound like a sign that would warn you not to make big financial decisions until the full moon.
This would be a good time to beware of those who would make major changes to your dearly held belief systems.
Wait, if an existing constellation has that great an effect on one's destiny, then why didn't anyone make a fuss about Eris, Sedna, and Quaoar, the planet-sized objects in the Kuiper belt?
Saturn rising in your sign will subject you to the powerful force of Fate, which everybody knows is stronger by far than electromagnetism, gravity, or the nuclear strong and weak forces.
Just keep repeating: No matter what, you are still a Sagittarius. You are still a Sagittarius. You are still a Sagittarius.
Faith is the evidence of things not seen, which any well-rounded human being must admit is better than only trusting good hard provable evidence.
This is a good week to spend with family, which is the kind of advice stupid old Ophiuchus would never have given you.
Learn to trust your heart. No one ever grew spiritually as a person by doing what the numbers and the science clearly indicate they should do.
After three exhausting weeks, you'll be embarrassed and infuriated to learn that the Marine Corps motto is not in fact "Semper Fellatio."
God will sincerely apologize to the rest of the hemisphere this week, explaining the snowstorms were the only way to prevent you from wearing those awful sandals.
You'll finally start to get calls about that invisible hovercraft you have for sale when the CIA declassifies thousands of previously classified ads.
Traveling the world for five years certainly taught you things you'd never have learned otherwise, but you wish someone had told you the hot dog was on a string tied to a stick on your hat.
Birthday parties have been ruined in some strange ways over the years, but no one will ever top the sick shit you're going to pull next Thursday.
You're not the kind of person who likes to ask for help, but for Christ's sake, that's an overturned city bus you're trapped under.
Seriously, almost everyone these days knows that the whale is a mammal and not a fish, and therefore those guys aren't sleeping with you for your brains.
People born under your sign are tough but fair, gruff but lovable, and faithful to a fault, but the stars refuse to take responsibility for you huffing all that paint thinner.
You're certainly the kind of person no one likes to fuck with. Or make out with, hold hands with, or even hug, for that matter.
To his credit, the coroner will apologize to your family, but he'll be forced to admit that "Rectum? Damn thing killed him!" was appropriate considering the circumstances.
Love will be everywhere this week, leaving you nowhere to hide when it gets violent and ugly the way it always does.
You're getting better at figuring out what your dreams really mean. However, all that stuff that happens when you're awake is still pretty baffling.
Your romantic life will hit a rough patch this week when your lover, having grown bored of the relationship, trades you to the Saskatchewan Roughriders.
The Parandrus, an antlered, hairy, cloven-hoofed beast the size of an ox and notable for its ill temper and foul breath, was thought to be mythical until people got a load of you.
Your sudden desire for stability will lead you to retrofit yourself with StabiliTrak, a rather dated skid- control system that brakes your feet individually to improve control.
You'll be taken aback this week by the news that your life story has been changed from a lightweight romantic comedy to a lengthy and detailed police procedural.
The so-called Tenth Crusade will end almost as soon as it begins next week when armies of religious warriors have no trouble whatsoever conquering and subjugating you.
Pluto rising in your sign indicates trouble in your work life, which is problematic because, well, for astronomical reasons, Pluto will be rising in your sign for the next 87 years.
You have evidently failed to learn the lessons of history, as you will attempt to find the Northwest Passage, unite Britain and Ireland, and get your family to stop exchanging Christmas gifts.
Only one major thing will happen to you this week. After that, however, it won't really be possible for anything ever to happen to you again.
You'll begin to suspect that your spouse has taken other sexual partners shortly after he or she opens a conversation with you by saying, "I've been thinking about taking other sexual partners."
This week will teach you that there are certain things that really can't be faked, such as love, respect, and the human arm.
You'll be bitten by a vampire and become one of the Immortal Sanguinary Children of the Night just when the whole fad is about to blow over.
Your future has yet to be determined due to a malevolent online community's massive denial-of- service attack on the relevant zodiacal elements.
Love has been compared to many, many things, but thanks to your unique outsider's perspective, you'll be the first to spot its uncanny resemblance to the international bauxite market.
Although it's true that violence never solves anything, it turns out it's just fine for a quick temporary fix in many situations.
They say that it's not how well the bear dances that's impressive, but that the bear can dance at all, which is kind of insulting considering the number of hours you spent teaching it.
You'll come to in a new Orleans brothel between a dead politician's daughter and a duffel bag full of cash, but unfortunately it's all easily explained and is cleared up within minutes.
Okay, the stars realize that last week's prediction of increasingly lower temperatures may not have been that impressive, but this week's incubus invasion should make up for it.
The old saying that there are no second acts in life may or may not be true for everyone, but you're going to be more concerned with how they just skipped ahead to the ending.
You'll singlehandedly embody the dreams of an entire nation when you get a very large food item for free after eating said item in less than an hour.
You'll soon provide proof that a small, dedicated group of people can change the world by accidentally driving a rented moving truck into a petroleum storage facility.
Your week will be so varied, interesting, and surprising that eventually the coroner will just give up, shrug, and write "heart failure" in the spot marked "Cause of Death."
This will be a good week to renew the bonds of friendship, especially the ones on the nurse you keep chained to the basement water heater.
While it's true that only God can judge you, it also won't take Him more than a couple seconds.
Your biggest mistake wasn't assuming there was some kind of secret to life. It was assuming that it was the kind of secret that would make your life better.
Your excitement at winning a trip to the big city will be painful to watch for all those who know what happened to the other pretty Ukrainian teens who entered the contest.
You will be celebrated and vilified in equal measure when you scientifically determine the exact point at which a cute kitten becomes a full-grown cat and starts to suck.
You've always thought that blimps were kind of relaxing, but that was before you experienced the long, drawn-out, almost boring horror of a three-hour accident.
Trouble arises in the workplace when, after overhearing your remark about Lincoln having freed the slaves, your boss whips you, chains you to the drill press, and remarks that Lincoln was a long way from Shenzhen.
The supposedly open-minded residents of your hometown will shun you for sleeping with white women, especially when they find out you've been using lead-based paint to get them that way.
You'll find it difficult to express your pride when the local nursing college lists your "activities" as the reason enrollment is down.
While it's true that a lot of music contains sexual innuendo, you're pretty much alone in thinking that Beethoven's Fifth has an undeniable copulatory rhythm.
You've always believed that you've left your lovers happy, satisfied, and thinking fondly of you, but their plaintive oinking and squealing would seem to suggest otherwise.
You awoke this morning a young man without a care in the world, but due to cosmic events beyond your control, you'll end the day as the oldest woman ever in≠ducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame.
Sometimes you just have to sit back and laugh at the hilarity of it all, but sometime's it's better to actually help people out of the burning building.
Although you are firmly convinced there are some things that mankind was just not meant to know, you're not exactly sure how you're supposed to be able to tell what they are.
Someday in the future, long after you've died and passed from living memory, really won't be that long from now.
Applying tactics found in classic American folktales to your problems seemed like a good idea, but it turns out collection agencies have gotten wise to the old Tar Baby trick.
You'll try to set the world afire with the unbridled passion of your incandescent prose, but fail so badly you're hailed as the next John Updike.
In the end, you won't wish you'd done anything differently; you'll just wish you hadn't had to do anything.
You thought having a cat would be fun, but it's been 10 days and it hasn't even gotten itself anything to eat yet.
Love ends, sometimes bit by bit, sometimes suddenly, but it does end. That said, it's unusual for it to jump off a bridge like that.
Mercury rising in your sign indicates that things are getting hotter, as the mercury has expanded, causing it to rise up the thermometer.
Don't let people tell you that you can't be anything you want in life. Surgical techniques and gene-grafting will soon allow anyone to assume giraffe form.
Somehow you always thought that when you got to a certain age the clothes would be a lot better.
Life may be a series of small and inevitable defeats culminating in death, but look at it this way: You won't have to put up with as much of it as most people.
You thought there was nothing in life that the music of Al Green couldn't fix, but then you found out about reactor meltdowns, crop failure, and cardiac embolisms.
You will soon get a nicer job selling higher-quality sweatpants to a somewhat better class of people.
This will be a week of surprise after surprise, which will become tiresome after a few hours, terrifying after a few days, and unspeakable after that.
It's very principled of you, not to mention brave, to stand by your beliefs, but by week's end you'll have graphically conclusive proof that bullfighting is not fake.
This week's revelations will be especially traumatic for you unless you get it through your thick head that sex is natural and that there's absolutely nothing wrong with transvestism.
You were just being clever, if a bit arch, when you said "Either this wallpaper goes or I do," but the wallpaper will use its powerful social connections to have you ostracized from polite society.
You've always believed that everything happens for a reason, so there will probably be a perfectly reasonable explanation for what the less philosophical would call your senseless death next week.
It was probably a little cynical for you to have used such base physical tactics to get a husband, but on the other hand, he doesn't seem to mind.
You've always thought your life would be better if you could go back in time and tell yourself a few things, so it'll be pretty depressing this week when you find out you've tried that already.
You've never claimed to be a genius, but you have a nagging suspicion that you should have known sheets could be changed.
Your drug experimentation enters an exciting new phase when you find one that makes the throbbing pain in your head subside almost completely.
You will find precious little to live for now that the age of the extended synthesizer jam is well and truly over.
You can't understand why people keep telling you they're tired of your act. Why, the costume changes alone are nothing short of breathtaking.
Take heart—there is absolutely nothing wrong with love. However, be warned that love is not exactly what you're feeling for those poor terrified nurses.
You will indeed live fairly fast, and you'll die relatively young, but no one will be able to say you left a beautiful corpse.
After taxes, overhead, and legal fees, that million-dollar idea you've been working on for years will wind up costing you about $3,500.
You'll finally realize a dream you've had since childhood, dear Taurus, when a huge scary monster comes out from under your bed and eats you alive.
The reason for your recent crises of conscience will become clear this week when you discover the angel from your right shoulder and the devil from your left have been sleeping together for about a year now.
Next week won't be the best you've ever had, but it will advance medical understanding of genital implosion by leaps and bounds.
A good friend will be a pillar of strength and support during a harrowing crisis. Show your appreciation by sending this person a note that says, "Thanks for your support."
You'll continue to get away with your horrendous crimes against humanity without suffering consequences, although they will eventually get you for the tax evasion.
You won't be absolutely certain you like the changes in yourself— especially considering you'll appeal to a whole new group of people—after they make a 12-inch dance remix of you.
The stars say there's nothing wrong with being a belt-and-suspenders type, but you should probably reconsider being a leather-shorts-and-no-shirt type as well.
The FDA will realize its mistake too late to prevent your death when it accidentally names you as part of a complete breakfast.
You'll realize that you hallucinated that everyone was wearing business casual all weekend, which explains why Halloween was so awkward this year.
Romance will once again pass you by this week when the love of your life decides to go with a person who makes better mix-tapes.
You will get a reasonably good deal on a necessary household item, which is frankly more than an asshole like you deserves.
An in-depth study will reveal that, contrary to popular belief, bedbugs are great and you are the problem.
You'll once again get into a public shouting match at an upscale bistro this week over what is and is not in fact gangsta.
Somehow it just seems unfair that several famous people will make hundreds of dollars after picking you in next week's Mundane Individual Dead Pool.
Nothing of note will happen to you this week, as the dozens of people you'll tell about it will be able to attest.
Venus rising in your sign sounds like a welcome harbinger of romantic good tidings, but the zodiac assures you it's merely decorative.
The largest meteorite ever to hit a person was about 45 pounds, making you a posthumous shoo-in for the record next Wednesday.
The universal redshift indicates that the stars are flying away from us at astounding velocities. Perhaps it is more accurate to say "from you."
The stars are tired of politely nodding when you say you're single because you're "too picky." You're 25 pounds overweight and, frankly, the body odor is getting out of hand.
They say God never gives us more than we can handle, which must mean He knows a way you can handle a swarm of hyperaggressive Africanized bees.
Before making any important business decisions next week, ask yourself if you're using the same decision-making criteria that sent you to prison.
You'll undergo the kind of stress that would break a lesser woman and that will cause whatever kind of woman you are to shatter into a coarse powder.
Your dreams will all come true next week, including the ones you have thus far mercifully forgotten upon waking.
The stars are beginning to suspect you think of relationships, dating, and in fact any romantic involvement whatsoever as nothing more than an excuse to make mixtapes.
Don't wait until tomorrow to start living the life you want today. That said, it may take months to properly assume the identity of veteran character actor William H. Macy.
You'll know you've picked the right wedding planner this week when he makes you list, from best to worst, your 10 favorite Rommel biographies.
You take justifiable pride in your near-perfect infant-stroller design, but they'll still recall them all as soon as the deaths start.
Maybe it's just you, but up until the recent spate of news articles on the issue, you had no idea there were straight people in the military.
The stars are genuinely sorry that they told your creepy coworker this would be a good week to make bold romantic moves.
People often overlook your generally optimistic nature and hopeful outlook, as well as the fact that living in an underground bunker is just plain cozy.
You will soon be the latest victim of society's unfortunate propensity to put the word "crazed" in front of the once-respected title of "gunman."
Turns out there actually isn't an old saying that you can get away with anything as long as you're wearing a chicken suit.
There are, in fact, two kinds of people in the world, but if the stars told you what they were, you'd be shocked and possibly hurt.
The really strange thing, doctors will tell you this week, is that the worms just seem to be hanging out in your bloodstream as if waiting for a signal to lay their millions of eggs.
Until next Thursday, you will have no idea what the world record is for stepping in bear traps.
Your last hope of finding true and unconditional love ends this week when your ideal mate is executed by the State of Texas for unspeakable crimes against humanity.
This week's revelations will be especially mortifying for you, seeing as how you've been insisting for years that life is not some sort of big pie-eating contest.
When the moment of truth you've been praying for all these years finally arrives, you'll reject it out of hand rather than admit it's all been the cat's fault.
You'll suddenly be torn away from your friends and cast out of the only home you've ever known by the authorities, who will insist your sentence is over and you're free to go.
Just as you've always suspected, it is in fact a felony to use your particular method of "getting girls."
Next week will be a time of magical romance and unending joy for you, thanks to your boundless talent for self-delusion.
You're going to need a lot of Epsom salts and lip balm this week. No, honestly, you can trust us. This isn't like the time with the horse laxatives.
Someday you may learn that it is indeed possible to take a fun thing too far, but not before next week's experimentation with autoerotic asphyxiation.
Your combined proclivities toward paranoia and depression combine when you start to think a race of alien lizard-people are controlling life's lowest echelons from behind the scenes.
In a wacky horoscopic mix-up, you'll encounter a mysterious stranger who takes you on a journey over water just as you're trying to start new projects at work.
Keep extra apples and ban-dages around the house next week, as your lover seems to be going through a William Tell phase.
There will be nothing you can do to avert the disaster of next week, although there will be plenty that a reasonably bright and competent person could do.
You will be torn between two equally worthy suitors, one who is kind, selfless, outgoing, supportive, and loving, and one who is attractive.
While it is true that all-knowing God sees every sparrow that falls, He finds it a lot more amusing to watch you tumble down the stairs a couple times a week.
They say that knowing is half the battle, but they never talk about how the other half is tactical deployment and careful use of grenades.
Your self-destructive behavior is beginning to get out of control, which is mostly notable due to how long you were able to control your behavior while destroying yourself.
You'll be pleased to find that science has long since achieved your dream of creating a smaller, cuddlier, domesticated version of the tiger.
Scientists will announce the discovery of sunspots spelling out your name this week just to see if they can get you to stare at the sun all day.
The natives will shrink in terror when you demonstrate your lighter, as even they know that smoking is horrible for you.
Losing weight will improve your performance in all areas of life, but bolting on new shock absorbers is painful and counterproductive.
You'll learn too late that while it may be easy and even justifiable to ridicule the French, they take their full-contact judo very seriously.
It turns out that it's neither the size of the wave nor the motion of the ocean that really matters, but the length and girth of your penis.
You'll realize too late that there's more to life than eating instant mashed potatoes and drinking root beer while the kiddie pool you're lying in slowly fills up with your excrement.
There are some things that money can't buy. For instance, with your record, you're forbidden from getting close enough to purchase Girl Scout cookies.
A messenger from the Lord will appear to you in glory this week and, in a voice that shakes mountains and shivers oceans, announce price hikes on all divine services.
Mars and Venus will both appear in your sign this week, as will Zach Galifianakis, who is apparently in everything these days.
When the moment of truth you've been praying for all these years finally arrives, you'll reject it out of hand rather than admit that it's all been the cat's fault.
While you've always had good luck at work using the buddy system, next week's attempt to move to the fuck-buddy system will be a complete disaster.
While you're starting to think your problem is that you're too "in your head," it's actually a rare species of cranial tapeworm.
Your attempt to achieve fame no matter what the cost in blood will fail, although the stories of the What's-His-Name Killer will be told for generations.
The king's men part you can understand, but you've never really comprehended how all the king's horses were supposed to help.
You'll be trapped in a paralyzing dilemma that can only be solved if you learn something new, take the initiative, or have an original thought of your own.
This is a good time to make aggressive moves in your romantic life, but not so aggressive that you actually cause yourself physical harm with the Fleshlight.
While you're often disgusted by the shallowness and ignorance you see all around you, you have to admit it's made it easy for you to get dates.
Although they say it's not over until the fat lady sings, increasingly unrealistic body-image standards mean it's now over when there is a vocalization by any female over 135 pounds.
While it may be true that the emperor has no clothes, you have to admit that if you were the emperor, you'd walk around naked, too.
Venus is in retrograde in your sign this week, which you'd think would mean problems in your love life but actually indicates imminent botulism. Interesting, isn't it?
Avoid making decisions based on ambiguous advice from questionable sources this week, even if she was in labor with you for 38 hours.
Change will come to your neighborhood when you piss off an air traffic controller who knows your home address on the same day his ex boards a 747 to Maui.
You've never been the sort of person who lets all kinds of supposed "signs" tell you how you should drive your car.
You're starting to think that maybe the funny nose and glasses won't actually be enough to hide you when Jesus returns in all his glory.
Sometimes it feels as if your life's long, empty hours are all beginning to blur together, but take heart. There really aren't very many left.
Although the doctors want to do all they can to help ease your recovery, they cannot legally allow you to make a cool chair out of your severed limbs.
Scorpio is a water sign, with all that implies, but this week it will be much more important for you to pay attention to fire-exit signs.
You'll continue to be baffled by people who expect you to be their friend and call them just because you have previously said the words "we're friends" and "I'll call you."
Love magick is strong in Taurus this week, leading those lucky enough to be born under that sign far, far away from you.
Your death will be painful, but it will give a notorious femme fatale a chance to say "I'm afraid I've always had a rather…sharp tongue."
Your life will soon lose all direction, which, considering how it has been going, should come as a vast relief.
Fate will give you a lot to do next week, and you had better do exactly as you are told or Fate will start executing hostages.
This is a good time to make aggressive moves at work, as when the global economy crashes back to the Stone Age on Tuesday no one will miss a few pens.
Since it hates its job barfing out your future, Gemini is just going to call it a day and go down to the bar and get drunk with the other disgruntled constellations.
Yes, please, by all means, make some sort of joke about cancer being a disease. Never heard that one before. In any case, you're not winning the lottery this week.
You'll slowly become the person you hate—the person who is so afraid of dirty toilet seats that she squats in terror above them to pee, creating the very situation she is trying to avoid.
You will be jolted as if hit by a brick when receiving bad news next week, but only partially because it arrives wrapped around a thrown brick.
You will soon open your Twelfth House of Secrets to your coworkers, which unfortunately means you will need to seek a Second House of Employment.
If you hope for a baby, Jupiter rising in your sign may help, but be aware that he isn't the magazine-and- turkey-baster kind of guy.
Romance will finally come to you, get annoyed when you won't shut up about yourself, and be completely turned off when you ask, "Where's the party at?"
The men in lab coats will make another silent midnight appearance in your bedroom, but don't worry—they won't bring in bedbugs.
Doors will swing open for you in a way they haven't in years, rekindling that creepy door fetish you had in college.
Oh, man, next week is going to be really something for you. No kidding. Seriously, it's a shame you have no way of knowing what's about to happen.
A neighbor will approach you under the guise of borrowing a cup of sugar. Provide him or her with sugar, but be prepared for more to be revealed in the fullness of time.
You will get a haircut this week. However, when people ask if you got a haircut, you will enigmatically say, "Yes, I got them all cut."
The angels do in fact hear your prayers. In fact, they record them and play them back for fun at their laughter-filled angel parties.
You'll finally stumble upon a copy of the secret book of the Jews only to find it bears an uncanny similarity to the first few chapters of the Bible.
When your life's work is utterly destroyed in the blink of an eye, you will finally learn once and for all to save before the boss fights.
It will take considerable amounts of food, water, and oxygen, followed by a long period of sleep, to preserve your life for but a single day, a routine doctors say won't work forever.
You will have a potentially fatal problem that you at first believe the DJ cannot fix, but as it turns out he can do it in the mix, thereby saving your life.
You'll achieve your life's goal of becoming sex on wheels only to realize what a poor locomotive choice wheels are for someone who wants to have a lot of sex.
You'll be diagnosed with a rare condition that makes it impossible for you to get started in the morning unless you have, like, three cups of coffee.
Although most of the jabs at your mother's weight are obvious hyperbole, even you will admit that she has a propensity to sit around the house.
You will be assured that a certain item is made with the same quality and care as certain other items, but you will have reason to believe this is not the case.
They've laughed at you for keeping condoms in your wallet "just in case," but never as hard as they will this week.
Remember, it's never too late to fall in love. It's just too late to fall in the kind of love that isn't a cynical compromise based on a fear of dying alone.
You'll become the sworn enemy of men's magazine readers nationwide when you publicly state that Bullitt wasn't that great of a movie.
You'll stumble onto a great little trattoria with excellent food and a terrific wine list, but what you'll really need is a well-equipped burn ward.
This week will send you plunging into a pit of depression at the realization that Stevie Wonder will probably not live forever.
Raise your voice in anger and rail against the gods all you want, but they only have it in blue and not in your size.
Your love life will hum along like a well-oiled machine, thanks largely to a new formulation of oil and a clever little Swedish machine.
"In The Hall Of The Mountain King" is a strange choice for a first dance between husband and wife, but the walrus trainer insists.
You've never been the type to believe in love at first sight, or anything else even slightly romantic, for that matter.
You'll start to wonder if people aren't getting a little too political after you're blasted in the media for being soft on education and the economy.
Stop worrying about what people think of you, especially since it's so complicated you probably wouldn't be able to understand it.
They say a fool and his money are soon parted, but you still have that 10 bucks you found on the sidewalk the other day.
Your ex will finally stop by to get all his stuff, which is weird because you didn't think anyone saw you take it.
Your daughter's memory will still haunt your dreams, but it's a welcome change from all the relived failures and sweaty former scoutmasters.
Just when you thought it couldn't possibly get any worse, the stars confirm that you are correct and it is pretty much as bad as possible.
The clown car may be an overworked reference, but the doctors can think of no better way to describe the constant stream of clowns issuing from your abdominal cavity.
Ultimately there will be nothing your friends can do for you, putting you in the position of having to find more competent friends.
The stars say that this week will be a time of reflective contemplation, so postpone your plans to rollerskate around naked except for the gas mask.
Just when all hope is gone, you will find a secret stash of Oreos that actually makes up for quite a lot.
You're through giving advice to people, to the vast relief of the park rangers tasked with pulling their charred husks out of the volcanoes.
You'll lose both legs in a railroad accident next month, but luckily they'll only be prosthetic replacements for the ones you'll lose at the zoo this Thursday.
No one will be able to figure out your enigmatic last words, and the fact that you'll live in silence for three more years after uttering them makes that somehow cooler.
After becoming a routine victim of bedbugs, you'll make history as the world's first victim of chair-, wall-, and all-over-the-catbugs.
It comes down to whether or not you can play an instrument or drive stick, but no, you won't get the girl this time, either.
You've always said that if you were king, you'd make college free, but there won't be time between your coronation, the palace coup, and the beheading.
Sex with you is an earth-shattering experience, especially the part where hundreds of Indonesians lose their lives.
You should really try to live your life so that your happiness doesn't depend so much on whether or not they find the Higgs boson particle.
You'll take a long trip on a luxurious passenger train and meet a diverse group of travelers, all of whom will later collaborate to murder you.
You've managed to maintain a little bit of mystery about yourself, but that will evaporate when they find the last two nurses' bodies.
The stars only allowed you to keep that kitten because you promised you'd feed it and clean up after it. Now put it in the shoe box and say goodbye.
If there's one thing that gives you hope when all else fails—one small true thing that keeps you hanging on to this life—you sure haven't thought of it yet.
After years of trying to cultivate a gruff-but-lovable persona, you've gotten as far as a pretty decent abusive-but-fuckable.
People are free to think whatever they want, but you're pretty sure the parking-lot attendant guys were the real heroes of Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
You'll be diagnosed with a rare condition that makes it impossible for you to get started in the morning unless you have, like, three cups of coffee.
You won't be immortalized upon death, specifically, but people will come from miles around to see the Tomb of the Unknown Guy Who Tried to Eat a Whole 6-Foot Sub In 30 Seconds.
It's not that she no longer loves you, it's that she never did. She is a plastic doll and cannot love.
The smell still won't go away. It won't. It won't. It won't.
To be truly human is to never give up; however, to be truly human is also to know the meaning of sacrifice. It's some deep shit, really.
Financial success continues to elude you, as you have yet to determine the best way to advertise your enjoyable and affordable mustache rides.
An error in last week's horoscope has probably resulted in you having a chance midnight encounter with a tall dark strangler. The stars regret any inconvenience.
Will you have the inner strength to deny a love that is no good for you? Do you have the courage to retry a project you've failed at before? Find out in next week's Cancer!
When all's been said and all's been done and you finally look back on the entirety of your life, it will be about 3 p.m. next Wednesday.
Although it's true that the only tool you have is a hammer, everything you see looks a lot more like a sort of medium-sized box than a nail.
You've never been able to explain why, but you have a sneaking suspicion that the narrator of 10cc's 1975 hit "I'm Not In Love" was in fact in love.
You'll manage to get through the entire Helen Keller presentation with no hilarious slip-ups, but afterward you'll be complimented by a guy with no arms and no legs who likes to water-ski.
Sometimes you miss your days as part of a plucky band of mystery-solving teens, but hey, survivor guilt is like that.
In a complete reversal of conventional wisdom, you'll find that you do in fact have to be crazy to work at your job, and that no, it doesn't help.
No one knows what mysteries lie deep in the human heart, but you figure they must not be rinsing it thoroughly or using a bright enough flashlight.
You've always been a never-say-die type of person. Luckily, your impending death will be so embarrassingly obvious that words will be unnecessary.
You will soon embark on a long journey over water by night, which will be extremely romantic until you figure out how low the pilot is flying.
This week, you'll gain employment in a strange office in which everyone is happy, no one makes irritating small talk about reality TV, and the work is challenging and rewarding.
Your life will be cut tragically short next week by the untimely discovery that your breadmaker can also be used to make doughnuts.
Love flickers, love fades, and love can gutter and die, but love is still better than those fucking compact fluorescent bulbs.
You claim to be a champion of truth and beauty, but you still can't name three poems by Dean Young.
Future archaeologists will find your desiccated skeleton exactly where you starved, midway between two 64-ounce bags of Bugles.
You may be heartbroken, but you can no more stop him from leaving than you can stop the toaster from falling into your bathtub Thursday.
It's time you learned to treat people as individuals instead of mathematically predictable members of an aggregate set, no matter how well that works.
On a dark night this week, the men in lab coats will once more come for you, but it's just because they left one of their lab coats at your place last time.
The stars had something important to tell you, but California's gay- marriage ban was just overturned so they're going to get drunk and go dancing instead.
They thought they had you pegged. They thought they could screw you over and you'd just take it lying down. They were wrong. You're thrashing about in ecstasy like a crazy person. It's a little freaky.
Your life will continue on pretty much the way it always has.
Your belief that all life's problems can be solved with a heart-to-heart talk and a good night's sleep will be severely tested this week when you're introduced to mathematics.
This is a good week to start new projects, as long as they don't take more than four days and won't depress the people who find your body.
This week you'll show everyone that you can be stunningly sexy at 50, which is deeply troubling as you were 27 last week.
You'll finally make an effort to remove your mental blinders, leaving the coroner to wonder why exactly you took the cordless drill to your temples.
When all's said and done, you should probably have just let those pandas succeed or fail on their own merits.
You'll finally come to understand your own heart and mind, and by extension, exactly what everyone has been laughing at all these years.
While it's true that life often imitates art, it's odd that your life imitates J.G. Ballards' avant-garde fiction piece "The Assassination Of JFK Considered As A Downhill Motor Race."
The stars foresee a lesson in humility this week when you try telling everyone about the "hot new band" Animal Collective, which the stars have been listening to for like forever.
You thought you had finally had done something strikingly new and original, but it turns out that thousands of people already in the afterlife got there the exact same way you did.
It's really too bad you couldn't have been defenestrated years ago when it was cool before everybody started using the word.
Although you're beginning to despair, it's important to square your shoulders, set your jaw, take a deep breath, and try to hit the toilet with everything this time.
You will definitely be remembered by all people for all time, a fact that should make you feel much more shame and disappointment than it may seem.
Just when it seems that all hope is gone, you'll discover a deep untapped reservoir of hope within you which will soon be gone too.
You've always wanted to yell "Stop the presses," but just when it looks as though you'll finally get an opportunity to do so, they'll feed you in head first.
Readers across the nation will finally be exposed to your literary genius and scintillating wordplay now that the DOT has approved your custom license plate.
You will make medical history this week as the first person to recover from smallpox only to die from a never-before-seen strain of enormouspox.
You'll learn too late that love and deception often go hand in hand when the eloquent stranger sending you love letters turns out not to be the real Sarah Vowell.
The flame of true love will finally gutter and die in your soul, but take heart: The flame of too many video game systems plugged into a single outlet still burns brightly in your living room.
Nothing will seem sadder to you than the sight of the hooks that once held her photograph, but there's absolutely nothing else in the room to stare at for hours on end.
When you were a child, you spoke as a child, you understood as a child, and you thought as a child; so no real changes, then.
Your lifelong search for a soul mate will come to an end at last when you discover it was Robert Kearns, inventor of the intermittent windshield wiper, who died in 2005.
You'll do your part for the environment this week when you recycle what's left of the nurses into furniture, decorative items, and innovative storage solutions.
Just when you think all subtle beauty has finally faded from the world, you'll remember "So Into You" by the Atlanta Rhythm Section.
Love may mean different things to different people, but it's surprising how many definitions include heavy investment in real estate.
Pain will be yours this week when that Man from Nantucket finally hears all the terrible things you've been writing about him.
You'll soon popularize a new dance craze, thanks in large part to the large, feral raccoon clawing at your back.
The stars would love to give you some relationship advice, but they're still quite tired from having all that raucous sex with your wife.
People and places from your past will come rushing back this week, thanks to a sudden hemorrhage of the temporal lobe.
Your disdain for authority will be full display this week when you pick a fight with a handsome set of leather-bound encyclopedias.
Mosquitoes are usually attracted to body heat and perspiration, though in your case, it's the giant mosquito costume.
You'll soon discover three new planets, a dwarf star, and two orbiting satellites—an incredible achievement for someone just trying to peer in on his naked neighbor.
Be sure to choose your words carefully this week as you've only got about seven of them left.
You've always been handy with a bow saw, which is good news, as you've never been handy with a bear trap.
Either the whole thing is just one big coincidence, or they named a deadly species of blood-sucking parasite after you for a reason.
Your coworkers are beginning to tire of your lame excuses. Although, to be fair, that's really your plumber's fault.
Remember: It's all a matter of perspective. See how your crippling finances look from atop that hill.
A combination of hubris, treachery, and everyday low prices will soon mark the end of your reign as Mattress King.
Smuggling cocaine across the border is a delicate art. Next time try stashing it inside a stuffed animal instead of a live one.
You didn't get into plumbing for the fame, the fortune, or the women. But one severely backed-up toilet will soon change all of that.
Action and adventure await you this Thursday, though not before hours of pointless exposition and predictable plot twists.
Your financial situation takes a turn for the worse this week when that damn quarter slips loose and falls behind the sofa cushion.
It's difficult to know who to trust in life. Then again, the guy with the horns and the hooves should have been a no-brainer.
A man's home is his castle. This week prepare to have your castle stormed by a marauding horde of phone bills.
Thanks to a series of unfortunate turns, you'll soon become the only man ever to compete in the Olympics, the Paralympics, and the Special Olympics.
The stars indicate that you can receive your personalized horoscope reading in Spanish by pressing 3 now.
Remember: Those who can't do, teach. And those who can't teach just keep repeating the same tired maxim over and over again.
It's true that God created you in His likeness. Unfortunately for you, God was feeling particularly shitty about Himself that day.
They say you have the grace of a dancer and the agility of a world-class gymnast. After that, though, it's usually just a bunch of mean-spirited laughter.
While it's true that love has no boundaries, no limits, and no rules, your court-appointed restraining order has all three.
Avoid making any important decisions this week. And, come to think of it, next week as well. In fact, assume this is always the case unless the stars tell you otherwise.
You'll continue to sweat the small stuff this Thursday, thanks to a set of abnormally large exocrine glands.
Remember: Sometimes in life you just have to roll the dice, move your wheelbarrow to St. James Place, and pay the $70 dollars in total rent.
Possessed by satanic forces, your dog will soon order you to murder all those squirrels.
There's no worse fate than dying alone. Thankfully, you'll be surrounded by hundreds of airline passengers when it happens.
A cleansing fire will sweep across the land, purifying countless souls, purging all guilt and sin, and defrosting a number of delicious Hungry-Man dinners.
You'll feel like a kid again this week, thanks to an unexpected visit from your Uncle Joe.
If you can't smile and laugh at work occasionally, then you're clearly doing something wrong, Mr. Surgical Oncologist.
You never thought you'd end up a billionaire, living in a palatial mansion, and jet-setting around the world. So it's no real disappointment, when you don't.
Your lucky compound modifiers for this week are: long-term, hard-fought and military-history.
Lately it seems like nobody respects your feelings, but why don't you just shut up for a second and let the stars worry about it.
Like a Phoenix rising out of the ashes, so too will you frighten a number of small children playing inside that ball pit.
Everyone laughed when you said that global warming would destroy the planet, but that's primarily because you had your pants down at the time.
Lately it seems like every time you open your mouth something terrible happens. Don't be alarmed: This is what is known as "food poisoning."
Your creativity will skyrocket this week, moments after purchasing a number of colorful and hilariously incongruent wigs.
They say it's impossible to survive without daily human contact, but then the Glowing Orb Beings from Muugaave-6 have ways of keeping you alive.
Nobody understand the excruciating pain you're going through. Although having to listen to you drone on and done about it is torture of a whole different kind.
You'll wake up tomorrow morning to find a baby on your doorstep, just like you have for the last three and a half weeks.
The ancient martial art of karate should only be employed for self-defense, or in your case, any time you drink too much and decide to ruin everyone else's night.
It's not the size of the ship, but rather the motion of the ocean that will cause your girlfriend to get sick during intercourse.
The cheese stands alone. The cheese stands alone. You idiot—what are you doing!? Guard that damn cheese!
Paved roads aren't exactly a new innovation, but you still manage to get excited every time you see someone get run over.
You will finally land your dream job this week, an ironic achievement considering how little you'll be sleeping from now on.
AriesThe throbbing inside your skull will finally come to a stop this week, signaling the end of the Trematode's gestation period.
The stars foresee a second job promotion in the days to come, though they should probably be telling Dave about it instead of you.
You'll soon possess the courage of 10 men, and the sexually transmitted diseases of about 50.
The hounds of hell will be at your door this week, clawing furiously to be let out and use the bathroom.
Despite the offer of a brand new car, an all-expense-paid trip to Greece, and a four-piece living room set, you'll once again go for the box with the question mark on it.
You'll die a little bit on the inside this week, and a whole heck of a lot on the outside.
It'll be a nuisance wearing the Nielsen box on your head all week, but at least you'll find out that your viewership goes up when you're fighting or having sex.
Everyone wants to live forever, but in your case it would just mean more time being chased by an angry swarm of bees.
Your extremely trying week will not be improved by your decision to deal with all problems by leaning on the horn.
Nobody likes a know-it-all, but then, you probably knew that already, you smug jerk.
You should have more folding chairs around. If wrestlers come over and can't find one, they'll use something else.
Success is often difficult to define, though for you, it pretty much boils down to filling that cup with clean urine.
AriesYou'll be thrilled all the way down to your toenails this week when electrodes are planted in the appropriate pleasure centers of your brain.
After the events of next Sunday, for the rest of your life, people will stop you on the street and ask you to autograph packages of pork chops.
Millions will be rescued this week when the Red Cross deploys thousands of desperately needed words to the site of an unspeakable tragedy.
You must admit that you're sleeping better than ever, but it's kind of unpleasant to wake up every morning with a blowgun dart in the back of your neck.
More than anything, you want to mold and shape young minds. Unfortunately, most commercially available Jell-O molds are unsuitable for this purpose.
Your new pheromone-based scent will make you irresistible to women, who will devour you, bones, hair, and all.
Well, the stars tried, but somehow, you've been left more or less in control of your own destiny this week.
For centuries, great thinkers have contemplated the purpose of life. It's best to just relax and assume they've figured it out.
If you've ever regretted not pursuing a career in bullfighting, this week may bring an accidental chance to start over.
You will have a vision of peace, transcendent love, and infinite compassion, only to find it was all a dream. Also, your pillow is gone
Don't take it personally: Someone had to be the cutoff point for who does and doesn't get on the Emergency Earth-Escape Rocket.
Alarming developments this week mean that withholding sex will no longer be one of your more effective threats.
Your bold, take-no-prisoners attitude has made you who you are today: one of the least successful criminal prosecutors in the country.
Despite your attempts to make it look like an accident, investigators will immediately suspect you of burning down your wife for the insurance money.
Your inquisitive nature will soon see you demanding answers to a series of questions ranging from "Huh?" to "Who the—?" and "Whazzat?
An agonizing and seemingly endless disemboweling will soon show you exactly what you're made of.
You will soon meet the greatest love of your life, which, unfortunately, has less to do with the quality of the former than the brevity of the latter.
An old adage will be proven wrong this Thursday when bad things come to you in two-hundred-and-forty-threes.
Your perfectionist streak will consume you this week when you attempt to posit the world's single most precise chaos theory.
Who's to say what's right and what's wrong, except maybe for all those police officers, the presiding district court judge, and a horrified jury of your peers.
After decades of soul-searching and inward reflection, you'll finally realize this week that the question of God was always intended to be rhetorical.
Despite seemingly insurmountable odds, you will once again manage to talk your way out of sounding interesting this week.
The alignment of the stars and the planets this week can only mean one thing: You're looking at a very simplistic, two-dimensional model of our solar system.
You've never really imagined yourself as the committed type, but a state-appointed psychiatrist will soon prove you wrong.
The presence of Jupiter in your fourth house indicates newfound personal maturity. The presence of empty pizza boxes in your first apartment, however, suggests otherwise.
Remember: Love is more than just feelings of infatuation and attraction and lust. Usually, there's a few feet of rope also involved.
Just when things seem to be going your way, the baboons will suddenly and violently wake up.
Most women are attracted to power and status, but then the stars don't need to tell you that, Mr. Daytime Manager of the Court Street Baskin-Robbins.
Don't worry: They're not laughing at your repeated and costly failures. They're laughing with your repeated and costly failures.
It will be born with ten perfect little fingers and ten perfect little toes, much to the horror of everyone at the reptile breeding center.
It's not so much your intimacy issues, or even your commitment issues that will† stand in your way. It's your Uncanny X-men issues.
You'd pretty much kill for the chance to start things over again, which come to think of it, is how you got yourself into this mess to begin with.
There's nothing harder in the world than losing a child, especially when wagering with a full house.
You look handsome and dashing in you brand new suit. Now, if only a close friend or relative would die, you'd be all set.
Life has a way of sneaking up on you when you least expect it, which isn't surprising, considering what a complete jerk life can be.
You'll lose your oldest and dearest friend to smoking this week, shortly after running out of cigarettes.
Enlightenment and confusion will both be yours this week, when a tree falls in the woods only to make the sound of one hand clapping.
After years of zoological study and careful consideration, you've decided that what separates us from the animals is a clever system of ditches and barriers.
Bowing to public pressure, manufacturers will soon introduce a new version of you that's both environmentally friendly and completely free of pesticides.
Wilderness sports may be growing in popularity, but people are not yet ready to appreciate your expertise at trout-shotgunning.
Children are our nation's greatest natural resource. Keep a stockpile of them in your basement in the event of an emergency.
There's something the stars have been meaning to tell you about elephants, but you'll soon find out for yourself.
Plastic bags can wreak havoc on the environment, especially if like you, people keep using them to suffocate trees.
And to think you laughed when your high-school yearbook named you Most Likely To Be Responsible For The Extinction Of The Frigate Bird.
You'll finally become one with nature this week, thanks to a simple process known only as disintegration.
It may be years before your coworkers treat you with respect again, but it will have been worth it for the brief time spent inside the panda suit.
Please stop referring to your bouts of gastrointestinal flatulence as "turning on the ol' wind farm." That's not helping anyone.
You've never thought of yourself as an innovator in livestock genetics, as you have regular sex with them just like anybody else.
It is said that the eyes are the windows to one's soul, which helps explain why so many damn birds keep flying into them.
When times are tough and the world around you seems grim, don't be afraid to turn to religion for a good, hearty laugh.
After years of disappointment, you'll suddenly realize this week that satisfying sex has always been within arm's reach.
You will experience debilitating pain, unspeakable agony, and the loss of all of your hair when a voodoo doll bearing your likeness falls into the hands of a 5-year-old girl.
Long after your mind's shut down, your unconscious body will continue to have a great time on top of that trampoline.
You'll be torn a new asshole this week by some of the top reconstructive surgeons in the country.
Covered only partially in Vaseline and shrieking nearly coherent obscenities about the Jews, you'll soon be amazed by the amount of progress you've made in therapy.
You'll be shocked this week by the lengths some people are prepared to go to just to escape from a burning textiles factory.
Remember: You can only run away from your problems for so long before they catch up to you, tackle you, drag you into a nearby alley, and ultimately slit your throat.
Being a Trojan quality-control tester might be the best job in the world, but you'll soon leave it all behind to spend more time with your 87 children.
You will be fired this week from your job at Staples just for taking home a bunch of office supplies.
So ashamed will you be about falling down the stairs that you'll lie to friends and family, telling them your husband beat you instead.
Fun and despair will be in the air this week when a nearby confetti factory explodes, killing 63 employees.
You've never been good at saying goodbye, which explains why your speech therapist keeps charging you for an extra half hour each week.
The stakes will be raised this Thursday, moments before they are repeatedly plunged iinto your chest by frightened townspeople.
You'll soon stumble upon the secret to a happy marriage—a secret so simple you'll take perverse pleasure in keeping it from your wife.
There's a time and a place for everything, as you'll soon discover after falling into the rhinoceros pit during mating season.
Your first instinct this week will be to run, while your second instinct this week will be to find your legs.
The sudden rise in mood swings, wild food cravings, and rapid head-to-toe hair-growth can only mean one thing: It's that time of the lunar cycle again!
Your whole life will flash before your eyes this week, an insignificant blip made all the more trivial by the Benny Hill theme that will accompany it.
While you may have valor, resolve, and even vigor, what you don't have is a basic understanding of what those words actually mean.
Your mother may angrily claim that she didn't raise a liar for a son, but what else could you expect from a lizard-human hybrid born out of a top-secret government project?
After days of grave and anxious discussion, the stars have decided that it's better you don't know.
Your charred, lifeless body will time and again debunk the old myth about lighting never striking the same place twice.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, recommend that you check yourself this week, as not doing so might lead you to wreck yourself in the future.
When life gives you lemons, why not blame them on your troubled upbringing and consequent inability to show affection? It sure beats making lemonade.
A hand crank, two steel hooks attached at opposite ends of the oral cavity, and sheer mechanical force will soon leave you with a giant smile on your face.
While it's been ages since you last cried about having no shoes, you'll still keep running into that creepy man without feet every other week.
Fears of being exposed as a fraud will be realized this week when you're revealed to lack the fluid color, strong lines, and playful style of Matisse's trademark works.
Your imagination is the limit! Try visualizing what your future would look like as head garbage man!.
Wild peals of laughter will burst forth this week when you're unexpectedly struck in the nuts by cancer.
Scientists around the world will come to praise you as a true trailblazer in the field of Incorrect Particle Physics.
Most firearm accidents occur in the home. Avoid becoming a statistic by getting shot repeatedly at work.
The stars were going to predict the beginning of a lifelong romance for you this week, but they couldn't get through it without bursting into laughter.
They say there's nothing quite like the bond between a mother and her child, but then they have yet to see your experimental new adhesive compound.
Forty thousand years after you were cryogenically frozen, scientists will at last bring you back to life when they discover a cure for goddamn stupidity.
Clear and direct communication is key to a successful marriage. Try ending all of your domestic exchanges with "Roger that, good buddy."
Though you've been told that dressing up once in a while wouldn't kill you, the coroner's report this week will contain evidence to the contrary.
Lately it seems all your imaginary friends just want to sit around all day and watch television.
Remember to take things one day at a time this week, even if you have the ability to exist outside of time.
You'll finally open up about your innermost hopes and dreams this week, though the whole thing will be pretty hard to hear with everyone laughing so damn hard.
Though you are covered with pink fur, have a soft red rubber nose, and utter four simple phrases, you are by no means suitable for children.
You'll confront your problems head-on this Thursday, which is rather unfortunate, as your problems involve a mountain goat.
Try to break your habit of turning to anonymous sources for general advice on your problems.
You'll finally get into shape this week, though which one exactly, isn't clear yet.
Everyone enjoys a good party, but try to control your childlike glee now that you're finally 10 years old.
Your plans for the weekend seem simple enough, but they present a challenge when you realize you have no idea how to "get some girls."
No offense, but when Aquarius got into this business, dealing with empty and meaningless futures like yours sure as hell wasn't what it had in mind.
They say that God lives inside each and every one of us. Keep digging away until you find Him.
Your fear and distrust of banks will result in you keeping all of your money, blood, and sperm beneath your mattress.
It's not easy being a woman these days, what with you calling them up all the time and repeatedly begging for a second chance.
Twins are often able to sense when the other is in danger, but you'll continue punching yours in the face long after he's dead.
Skunks are known to spray whenever they feel cornered, though why you decided to approach them with your latest screenplay idea is anyone's guess.
What you first believe to be identity theft will soon turn out to be just another self-righteous asshole with commitment issues.
Never underestimate the power of suggestion. Neither this morning, nor later this afternoon, when you're busy washing the stars' truck.
You'll find profound beauty in the hideous and the grotesque this week, you perverted freak.
This week, take a deep breath, look straight into the mirror, and release Bloody Mary from her otherworldly imprisonment.
The stars know this relationship isn't always easy, baby, but give it a chance. They promise you won't regret it.
In nature, bright and iridescent colors are usually a warning sign to stay away, which explains why you're still single after all these years.
Sometimes it's not so much what you say, but how you say it. Also, whether you're naked, high on methamphetamines, and standing in an abandoned parking lot at the time.
What others think of you is a constant source of worry, so take heart in knowing that they rarely ever do.
It might not be today, and it might not be tomorrow, but you'll soon come to regret staging a pie-eating contest to choose a new nanny.
You will inspire a new Zen riddle this week when a tree falls on top of you in the woods and there's no one around to hear all the screaming.
Love can make a person do all sorts of weird and crazy things, but in your case, it'll mostly involve showering.
Exposure to bursts of gamma radiation will soon leave you with the tumor-growing ability of 10 regular men.
While being replaced by a machine is never easy, losing your job to a common office stapler will prove especially difficult to take.
There won't be a dry eye in the house. That's how tear-jerkingly funny your wedding will be.
Doctors will diagnose you with a new strain of tuberculosis this week, or "Poor Unsuspecting Bastard's Disease" as it'll come to be known.
You will come face to face with your worst fears this week after standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
Of all the plans you had for what you'd do with a million dollars, serving 12 years for grand larceny was probably last on your list.
Admitting failure has never been your strong suit. Thankfully, this week's stench will say more than mere words ever could.
The stars predict the beginning of a lifelong romance this week, which just goes to show you how wrong the stars can sometimes be.
The stars would love nothing more than to reveal your future this week, but unfortunately, they're just large luminous balls of plasma held together by gravity in space.
You might be nervous and intimidated and even a little scared, but take heart: Those women are just as frightened of you as you are of them.
A popular new idiom will soon be coined, thanks to you, that broken-down apple pie cart, and all those quarters tumbling out of your ass.
All the praying in the world can't save you now. Quick, turn to demon worship and the black arts before it's too late.
Alcohol, a case of mistaken identity, and two screaming ends of a pantomime horse will figure heavily this coming Thursday.
As an educator, you always hoped you'd make a difference someday, which just goes to show that no one is ever too old to learn something new.
You will once again bring out the very best in your local police, fire, and sanitation control departments.
Admitting to past mistakes is never easy, so it's a good thing you happen to be an unrepentant bitch.
Your hard work and dedication will finally pay off this week when you're accepted into Harbard. Unfortunately for you, though, that's not a typo.
The stars indicate that this is a good week to start up new and steamy romances. Your office's sexual harassment policy, however, indicates otherwise.
Long after the dust has settled, the smoke has cleared, and everyone has said their piece, you'll still be standing there, asking a bunch of ridiculous questions.
The little voices inside your head will continue to disagree over what to set fire to first.
There truly is more than one way to skin a cat, but the limited market for cat skins makes learning more than three methods impractical.
Losing a limb can be a trying and traumatic experience, but you'll be an expert at it by the end of the week.
You thought the old gag with the banana peel was dead forever, and if it weren't for you and a Dumpster full of shattered fluorescent-light tubes, it would be.
After exhausting every other conceivable option, you'll finally give in this week and take a shower.
Animal rights activists will accuse you of cruel and inhumane conduct, even though the chicken is already dead, and that's just the way you eat wings.
You'll be credited with a new kind of piracy that is even less glamorous than "software" and "music," and a hell of a lot less sexy than "butt."
Once all the goats are rounded up, the German tourists are extradited, and the syrup trucks are returned, you'll have to admit that you never saw that one coming.
They say no news is good news, but you're beginning to suspect there's a reason why those doctors keep avoiding your calls.
You always wondered which of your sins would send you to hell, but you never thought it would be tipping Roger $2.34 on a $60 check.
Strong eye contact and a firm handshake will help you to make significant strides in the world of being a humongous prick this week.
You'll balloon up to triple your weight after several months spent following a diet-book typo that told you to eat 16,000 calories a day.
Being white and wealthy and privileged does have its share advantages. That's it.
You will give birth to a beautiful, bouncing baby girl this week, moments after going into labor inside that giant inflatable castle.
Fear and Jealousy will soon tear you apart, which is rather unfortunate, as Fear and Jealousy are the two pitbulls that live next door.
Use the watering can of good intentions to nurture the fig tree of expectations. There, enjoy figuring that one out, you jerks.
Your life will soon be divided into Pre-Angering-Of-The-Ants and Post-Angering-Of-The-Ants eras.
Don't let anybody tell you what you can or cannot do. That's for you, three to five of your ribs, and most of the hearing in your left ear, to decide.
The stars indicate that you've been looking really great lately. Also, the stars indicate that they could really use your help moving next weekend.
You claim that nobody understand you, but then, the strange white men in lab coats are doing the best they can.
It's never really been about race, or religion, or even politics for you, which is great, since "it," in this case, refers to eating a meatball sub.
You can try dancing around the issue all you want, but in the end, you still don't know what to do with your arms while on the dance floor.
Advances in science will soon allow man to travel to the most distant corners of the universe. Still no word, however, on it being able to get you off that couch.
If someone had told you 30 years ago that you'd end up an insurance salesman, you probably would have laughed. Then again, you would've been 6-months-old at the time.
Romance is in the air for Pisces this week, as well as on the bed-sheets, the nearby curtains, and in a growing puddle on the floor.
You'll continue playing dress-up this week, despite being almost 30, and feeling kind of silly every time you put on that professional-looking suit.
Remember: God means something different to everyone, but only you, and those who agree with you, are right.
The presence of Saturn in your sign this week indicates strength, determination, and you getting repeatedly struck by a Model SL1 Series.
The human mind is a thing of startling beauty. Unfortunately yours is mostly filled with old phone numbers and minor celebrity trivia.
Nobody knows the troubles you've seen. Remind them of this fact at every possible opportunity.
A tall, dark stranger stops by, lucky numbers 7 and 29 are in the studio, and musical guest Vampire Weekend-all that and much, much more, tonight on Later With Libra.
They say that having a child changes anything, but what they really mean is "keeping a child."
After weeks of setbacks, false-alarms, and outright obstructionism, Congress will finally pass a massive, 3.4 ounce kidney stone this Friday.
More and more, you're beginning to suspect your nickname might be pejorative.
Any hope you once had of aging with grace and dignity will be dashed this week, when you turn 25.
Ignorance and stupidity will soon be yours, when the Tree of Wisdom is cut down to make room for another mini-mall.
Financial reward is most definitely in your future. Keep scooping out those "take-a-penny" trays at the truckstops along I-90.
Try listening to your body this week. It's got a bunch of really great stories about hanging out with Jimmy Page.
Sure, they might blame you now, but how were you supposed to know the waters were unsafe at Everyone Always Gets Killed Beach.
After days of searching, you'll finally find comfort this week. Just above "comforter," and right below "confit."
Internal bleeding is usually a sign of serious trauma, so relax, you and your blood-soaked clothes are totally fine.
By this time next year, you'll be 400,000 dollars richer, two cars the better, and just as gullible as you are now.
Sometimes in life you just have to march right in there, introduce yourself, fight off a couple of rather large security guards, and demand a raise.
Remember: Guns aren't toys. Except for the plastic toy kind. Or the high-powered rifle kind, which you can totally use to have a ton of fun.
Your two pack-a-day habit will finally kill you this week, but then, that's a lot of wolves to fight off.
The stars foresee a time of great uncertainty in the day to come. Also, the stars foresee a time of great covering their collective asses in the days to come.
All of your questions will be answered this week, moments after the zookeeper, the fire marshal, and the roller-coaster operator all tell you, "No."
The attention is nice and all, but in the end, you put your pants on just like everyone else: One thirty million dollar cybernetic leg at a time.
What's the matter? Couldn't find your precious People magazine horoscopes this week? Oh, you want your fortune, do you? Here's your fortune: Go die, asshole.
Unexpected and startling events in the coming days will compel you to become more familiar with your monthly menstrual cycle.
Please stop insisting you have nothing left to live for. The phrase you're looking for is "never had a reason to live."
Your firstborn child will have your eyes, thanks to delivery complications and the organ-donor sticker on your driver's license.
Attempts to run away from the problem will fail this week when the problem turns out to be a short-circuited treadmill.
Your future as a songwriter ends almost before it begins when you find that someone has already compared the depth, power, and beauty of their love to an ocean.
The universe has a funny way of balancing things out. Prepare to lose your other eye by the end of the month.
All of those hurtful mother-in-law jokes will come back to haunt you this Friday when you suddenly run out of hurtful mother-in-law jokes to tell.
People say you're a control freak, but if you had your way, they'd say it a little slower and maybe even a touch louder.
There is a time and place for everything, except for your loud and incompetent scat singing.
For centuries fire was a sacred symbol of vitality and strength. Keep this in mind as you roll around frantically on your kitchen floor this Thursday.
Look to nature for encouragement and inspiration this week. Do this for as many ungodly hours as it damn well takes.
You'll be honored as a true War Hero, proving once and for all how dire the situation in Iraq has become.
Nightingales are known for their sweet, often melodious song. However, the one outside your window seems way more interested in Dancehall Reggae.
Remember: The sum of the pleasure of any two sides of a right-angle love triangle is equal to the underlying jealousy of the hypoteneuse.
Try not to hold onto any animosity you may feel toward your coworkers this week, as that asshole Dave would probably love it if you did.
The doctors will soon treat you for an acute case of tuberculosis, but don't be alarmed: They're mostly just bored.
Yes, love is a total mystery. Those semen stains, though, are probably a clue.
Repeated incidents of drunken and disorderly conduct, public urination, and indecent exposure will completely ruin what was once a very charming little Funkytown.
No man should be made to feel like a stranger in his own home. Even if that home no longer belongs to him, and he has to sneak in through its basement window late at night.
Speed-dating may not have worked for you in the past, but this time, try it without so much methamphetamine in your system.
Sometimes you wish your kids had come with an instruction manual, but then, that's the price you pay for getting them second-hand.
You'll be showered with dozens upon dozens of beautiful bouquets this Valentine's Day, all carefully and lovingly arranged, around your tombstone.
Disappointment will once again be yours this week when that female mongoose call turns out to be just another overweight human.
You'll finally find the answer you've been searching for, moments after ruling out A., B., and multiple choice C.
Your emotional stasis, lack of imagination, and inability to tell right from wrong will continue to be valuable assets in the world of high finance.
Not that it's really the Zodiac's business, but most people take the dead goldfish out of the tank before adding new ones. The same goes for the drowned cats.
A bizarre misunderstanding on your part will result in your going to church every Sunday and speaking sincerely to invisible entities with the belief that it might do you some sort of good.
Your insistence that no one can possibly know how you feel right now will only point out how pathetic it is to be dumped by three bearded ladies in a row.
The stars don't think it would be fair to give you a new prediction until the one about finding happiness, love, or wealth comes true.
Your new pheromone-based cologne will make you irresistible to women, who will devour you, bones, hair, and all.
Personal growth looms large in your future as you are transformed into a 1,000-foot giant who blots out the sun.
Your hatred of the strange and unfamiliar leads you to open hundreds of identical fast-food restaurants.
It'll be a nuisance wearing the Nielsen box on your head all week, but at least you'll find out that your viewership goes up when you're fighting or having sex.
All things considered, it's a good thing you aren't in the prostitution business for the money.
You're getting to the point where you'd kill for a cigarette, despite never having smoked in your life.
It seems the danger is over for now, but something tells you that you haven't seen the last of that dastardly villain.
Due to repeated instances of nudity, and loud, often offensive outbursts of profanity, you'll soon be labeled as NSFW.
Your scout leader will soon teach you the square knot, the clove hitch, the lark's head, and the bowline, leaving each and every one of your limbs securely tied to their respective bedposts.
All that sugar will finally kill you this week when it falls from the top shelf and cracks the back of your head straight open.
It will end with a big musical number, which is unfortunate, as it will also start with a big musical number, and contain a series of rather large musical numbers.
Alien visitors from another galaxy will soon present mankind with the secret to peace, but not before you shoot the living hell out of them.
You'll find happiness at the end of the rainbow this week, though to be fair, it's the kind often found hanging outside of gay clubs.
The red-tailed hawk is known for its hooked bill, its sharp claws, and after this Thursday, its rather keen sense of revenge.
If there’s one thing you hate about yourself it’s your lack of firm decision-making skills. Either that or maybe your hair color.
The stars predict a night's journey over water this week, so go ahead, and break out those rubber sheets once again.
Delight will soon be yours when you celebrate Black History Month and Valentine's Day on the same night.
You will drink from the cup of life this week, in an effort to wash down the giant Cuban sandwich of self-hate.
Remember: Being pretty isn't easy. (Keep this in mind if through some improbable turn, you ever become pretty).
Your favorite T-shirt brings about your downfall when a literal-minded mob follows its instructions and fills you to the indicated line with margaritas.
Many have felt the Love Which Dare Not Speak Its Name, but you'll experience the Love That Bellows Its Name Out A Crosstown-Bus Window All Day.
Once again, the specter of war will dominate international news, preventing people the world over from learning how you made the world's largest apple pie.
Your problem is that you have no sense of proportion, which is why you paid surgeons to enlarge your head and hands.
Some people believe your house in Heaven is filled with all the things you lost while on earth, which explains the dead pets lying everywhere.
That run for the record books once again falls short when you start Boston's all-time second-largest fire.
Next time, when passing a note intended to find out if someone likes you, you'll know to provide more than one box to check.
The story of the universe has always fascinated you, but the ending will leave you with a lot of unanswered questions.
You'll never smile again after the tragic loss of your lower jaw and lips this week.
As it turns out, there are indeed mountains high enough and valleys low enough to keep you from your love.
The stars wouldn't take the risks you do, but, hey, it's your life for the next six months or so.
You'll be trapped in a hell of your own making, forcing you to admit that you really should have put in more bathrooms.
The suit jacket and tie might make you look more professional, but at the end of the day, you're still not wearing any pants.
Try as you might, you'll find yourself completely unable to escape this week's M.C. Escher Museum fire.
While it's natural for human beings to be resistant to change, after losing your family, job, and home, it's probably time you start accepting some from passersby.
What begins this week as a hilarious balls-copying prank will end minutes later with the discovery of a rather large testicular tumor.
In many ways, you're still a child. None of them, however, will prevent you from being tried this week as an adult.
For the third time this week, you'll be forced to open up that same old tupperware container of leftover whupass.
A man is defined by the decisions he makes. Not listening to this piece of trite advice is probably a good start.
Long, gray beards have for centuries been linked to wisdom and shrewdness. Sadly, you get yours caught in the fax machine far too often for that to be the case.
When it comes to race relations, you're colorblind. Also when it comes to sofas, desk chairs, and traffic lights.
Farm animals can often sense an earthquake seconds before it hits, which explains why they're all looking at you with that huge grin on their face.
They say you can't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes, but after 3,000 feet, you're beginning to suspect he'd like to have his sneakers back.
After years of intense searching, you'll finally find yourself this week—naked, alone, and with a six foot gash across your forehead.
Turns out it's not your relationship with your father that's been eating you up inside, but rather a three-foot long parasite lodged directly below your kidney.
It takes a real man to admit when he's made a mistake. However, now that you're a woman, you can blame the sex-change operation on someone else.
Due to its high incidence of hijinx, tomfoolery, and puns, you'll finally decide to stop answering doors during knock-knock jokes.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, indicate that the cute blonde you've been pointing them out to couldn't be more bored if she tried.
You'll continue to grow as a human being this week, much to the relief of all those geneticists.
Home is where the heart is. Specifically, beneath the floorboards of the common room.
Every day on Earth is like a beautiful gift from God, which is thoughtful and all, but you'd probably prefer something you can actually use.
Juggling three young children isn't easy for any mother, but then, that's why you start with tennis balls and bowling pins first.
Nothing will be what it seems this week, especially breakfast sausages.
Take heart: There are people with bigger problems than yours, and acting like you care about them will get you laid.
You said you'd never forget all the little people who helped you along the way, but since becoming rich and famous you haven't thought about those midgets once.
Were it officially sanctioned, judged by an impartial panel, and taking place somewhere other than your kitchen late at night,† you'd pretty much shatter all existing hot dog eating records.
Tuberculosis is certainly not the death sentence it used to be, though that'll be hard to tell just by looking at you.
Your support system is loving, reassuring, and always there for you, but sooner or later it's bound to run out of donuts.
Perhaps your pets could be cuter, but that's no excuse for sewing them inside your favorite stuffed animals.
Judging by that lightheaded, dreamy feeling, this would be a good time to stop giving blood.
It's not everyday that money just falls out of the sky, but thanks to the Sears Tower, existential hopelessness, and pockets filled with change, it will today.
You'll be shunned when the man you famously taught to fish dies of mercury poisoning.
They say that beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Thankfully for you, his are completely bloodshot.
You'd really like to know where the people who say, "another day, another dollar" are getting their money from.
The debate over stun guns will take a strange turn when you drunkenly decide that they probably wouldn't work on you.
You'll take it like a man this week, which pretty much just means you'll be too embarrassed to ask what "it" is.
The stars can't decide what's more embarrassing, the fact that you still live out of a suitcase, or that you're a professional ventriloquist dummy.
You've always thought you'd make a great father, but private investigators hired by seven of your former girlfriends have different views on the subject.
Your expanding consciousness will bring you a deeper and deeper understanding of the universe until your head bursts like an overripe melon.
Everyone doubted you when you said you were going to bike across the country last summer. Make them feel bad by telling them it's their fault you didn't.
You will bring shame to your town coroner by causing him to laugh uncontrollably throughout your autopsy.
Though you insist you can stop drinking whenever you want, the truth is, you can't seem to function without five or six pints of water a day.
You tend to fly into a rage over the smallest problems. Fortunately, you'll encounter only huge disasters this week.
Admit it: Things just haven't been the same for you since you gave in and started wearing pants again.
The stars indicate that this is not a good week to start a new love affair. It's a fine week, however, to continue enjoying the old one.
You've listened to it over and over, but you still fail to see how Frampton is supposed to "come alive."
This week, try not to worry about things over which you have no control. For an ineffectual slob such as yourself, this means just about everything.
You will see your fate unfold as through a glass, darkly. This is largely due to your sunglasses.
The Zodiac is still around during the daytime, even if you can't see it. So don't try anything funny, okay?
You've learned a few things in your life, but as you'll soon see, looking both ways before crossing the street isn't one of them.
You're not the type of guy who gets all mushy, but that will change this week, when they leave you out in the sun.
You bring out the very best in those around you. This week, those around you will include four firefighters, a team of baffled paramedics, and several circus chimps.
Remember: Some problems can't be solved by retreating into drugs and alcohol. Some problems require you to forge ahead into drugs and alcohol.
You still have no idea what makes most women tick, despite having asked literally hundreds of certified watchmakers.
Don't neglect the spiritual side of your life. Find the best person you know, nail him to a cross, and worship him.
The stars foresee a time of great pain and suffering and loss in the days to come. Or, as they're referring to it as, appointment viewing.
Death will soon take a holiday, leaving you in charge of watering its plants, feeding its two tabby cats, and knocking this Friday on your elderly father's door.
You always thought the woman of your dreams was a knockout blonde, but tonight there's three prescription Ambiens that say otherwise.
A deadly game of cat and mouse will play out this week when you spend several hours pawing curiously at your corporate rival.
The rise of Jupiter in your sign indicates that there's more with actor James Spader right after this commercial break.
They say that chivalry is dead, though it's kind of hard to hear it when dragging them by the hair like that.
For the millionth time, telling the truth doesn't technically qualify as a speech impediment.
Sometimes in life, you just need to stop whatever you're doing and take a step back. Actually, maybe it's two steps back. Yeah, that's good. Keep going. The stars will let you know when you're far enough.
Sure, they're quite festive-looking, and they certainly help to spread holiday cheer, but maybe it's time you got those antlers checked.
Remember: Don't let any man tell you what to do. Or who to do it to. Or what the hell they're even talking about in the first place.
When played with skill and grace, the game of soccer is like poetry in motion. Which explains all the bored-stiff people just pretending to follow along.
You'll popularize a new dance craze this week, thanks in large part to the large, feral raccoon clawing at your back.
Virgo is often known for its stubborn and headstrong nature. Yes, it is. Yes, it fucking is.
You're about to enter a strange upside-down universe, one where white is black, black is white, and people don't need to remind you when to chew.
Doctors will refuse to operate on you this week, not due to any moral dilemmas, fiscal concerns, or even health-related fears. They're just vindictive bastards.
You've never worked a day in your life, though that's mainly because you keep getting the damn graveyard shift.
Remember: There's no use in screaming and crying all day long. They're going to change your diaper when they get to it.
Everyone would stop telling you to keep your hands to yourself, if they only knew what you did with them.
They say the children are our future. However, what they fail to mention is that it's a post-apocalyptic future, where the blood of small infants will be used to feed our giant man-machine overlords.
Your radical new look will cause heads to turn, as complete strangers hurry to avoid eye contact with you.
As you'll soon learn, there are scandals and then there are Scandals—depending on whether or not the word starts at the beginning of a sentence.
Years of backbreaking work will finally pay off when your sales manager, walking hurriedly down the hallway, nods faintly in your general direction this week.
A tragic boating accident will soon claim the lives of the lead singer, guitarist, and drummer of your one-man band.
Life will imitate art this Tuesday when a multi-planar figure of a woman stands languidly beside an abstracted carafe of wine.
Remember a couple of months back when the stars accurately predicted the birth of your second child? Man, that was great.
Keep in mind this week that anger is fear in disguise, although why you'd be afraid of the soda machine eating your dollar is for you alone to answer.
Like a moth to a flame, you too will be strongly attracted to a giant flame today.
The fifth coming of Jesus Christ this week will reveal that you haven't been paying as much attention as you'd thought.
You'll be brought face-to-face with your own mortality during a series of harrowing stabs to the jaw and forehead.
This week a shattered tea set will serve as a fitting metaphor for your clumsy coming-of-age as a woman.
For the third straight night, your wife will pass away loudly, painfully, and repeatedly in your sleep.
Your body will soon go through a series of new and exciting changes, thanks in large part to the amazing reconstructive work of Dr. Howard Rosenthall.
Remember: It's always a good idea to wait at least 30 minutes before going ahead and defecating in the pool.
You'll once again fall for the oldest trick in the book this week, moments after picking up a copy of the King James Bible.
Turns out it's actually a grease fire, that pitcher is filled with gasoline, and all those firefighters are merely strippers.
While teaching the lowland gorilla how to communicate is entirely possible, getting the self-obsessed primate to shut the hell up is a whole other story.
Your insistence on having your father walk you down the aisle may seem odd to some, especially considering the two of you are only going grocery shopping.
The otherworldly spirit of William Safire will visit you this evening and spend the next three hours correcting every grammatical mistake you've ever made.
You'll have a hard time controlling yourself this week, but then that's what the serene-looking men in lab coats are here for.
Due to adverse weather conditions and severe delays, your next stop this evening will no longer be "Party Town!"
Your big mouth will get you in a lot of trouble this week, though it's actually your small jaw that'll be to blame.
Life may seem like one big game to you, which explains the little plastic tokens, the† six-sided dice, and your repeated utterances of "sorry!"
Take the stars' word for it: That guy Dave from work really has it coming.
Your life's story will soon play out in front of movie theater audiences across the country, though it'll only last about thirty seconds and advertise free soft drink refills in the main lobby.
The rise of Jupiter in your sign indicates that Jesus Christ, come on now, get your goddamn finances in order already.
You'll discover the long-sought missing link between humans and apes this week, moments after standing directly in front of your bathroom mirror.
A number of amazing breakthroughs will be made this week in the field of electroshock therapy, though researchers will be laughing way too hard to officially announce them.
A strange feeling will soon come over you when doctors pull out a smaller, screaming woman out of you, a larger, screaming woman.
Despite several face-to-face meetings, and a series of concessions on your part, the ants still will refuse to recognize your truce.
Remember: Your grandfather is more than just a member of the family, he's a living time machine to the incredibly confused past!
Your job may not help to save any lives, or cure people of fatal diseases, which is a problem, as you're a highly regarded heart surgeon.
A courageous time traveler will journey back in time this week to save your poorly thought-out student film from a lack of ending.
Nobody really understands you like your husband does, except maybe for every single American who's ever read a copy of Atlas Shrugged.
A backyard barbecue this week will smell a lot more fun than it actually is.
After years of keeping the secret to yourself, you will finally break your silence this week on that one thing nobody really cares about.
Your tendency to see the worst in every situation will rob you of any pleasure you might have otherwise derived from next Thursday's biological-disease outbreak.
They've taken to calling you a broken man, defeated, beaten, dispirited, hopeless—but then they have access to a thesaurus.
You're prepared to go to any length to get your wife back, which is funny, as finding what remains of her will actually require you to go to any depth.
Continuing a proud, age-old tradition, you will hand down your family's priceless heirlooms to the next generation of Chinatown pawnbrokers this week.
You've never been able to bear the sight of blood. Luckily for you, concentrated arrangements of sulfuric acid will liquefy your retinas long before the radial arm saw starts in.
Endless complaints that your talents are being wasted at work will finally pay off when management decides to promote you to the new position of "Head Whiner."
You've always prided yourself on being able to both "talk the talk" and "walk the walk," but a debilitating stroke will soon leave you unable to do either.
There's nothing wrong with being attracted to a man in uniform, but the stars still think you can do better than building custodian.
To no avail, you will once again pray exactly 223 times for God to heal you of your lifelong obsessive-compulsive disorder.
A scantily clad stripper will soon jump out of the cake, confirming a rather embarrassing mix-up at the bakery, and completely ruining your daughter's fourth birthday.
You've heard the saying "you are what you eat" many times before, but prosecutors will surely describe you as anything but an innocent newborn.
The stars foresee travel in your future, so get ready to finally put on a pair of decent pants.
You will soon be forced to admit that your entire emotional range can be conveyed with a set of cleverly arranged punctuation marks.
Usually, this stuff happens in movie theaters, so you're pretty surprised when two hours of sexy, suspense-filled action come to a bakery near you.
You haven't worn it since college, but don't be surprised when your old suit still fits. It is made of rubber, after all.
Newton's laws say that for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction, proving he knew nothing about women.
You don't want anything to come between you and your cats. Luckily, given your obesity and the tininess of your trailer, it's not physically possible.
The broken ribs, fractured skull, and dislocated shoulder won't hurt at all, mostly because you'll suffer them after being dropped by drunken pallbearers.
Americans from coast to coast will be transfixed by your new signature dance, the Oh My God, Get It Off Me, Sweet Jesus, It Burns.
Every day, in every way, you're getting better and better. But at this rate, you won't be good enough for 64 more years.
Your plan to strike from the shadows and slip away unseen will be seen as inappropriate by the other teachers.
It'll be a nuisance wearing the Nielsen box on your head all week, but at least you'll find out that your viewership goes up when you're fighting or having sex.
Your defense lawyer is one of the best, but he will have a hard time blaming those 11 murders on the bossa nova, the dance of love.
It's all over but the shouting, but don't worry: It's going to be great shouting.
You will put your best foot forward this morning, though you'll stil have to drag the other frightening mass of flesh and bone behind it.
After years of hesitation, you'll finally come out of your shell this week, falling prey almost immediately to a swooping falcon attack.
You shall drink from the fountain of wisdom this week, repeatedly missing your big dumb mouth, and completely soaking your ridiculous shirt.
There's nothing more American than a warm slice of apple pie, which makes the three tons of explosives found in its possession that much more shocking.
You may think your peers have lost all respect for you, but fear not: It's impossible to lose something you never really had.
Remember: Being a doctor is more than just putting on a white lab coat and going door-to-door checking in on patients. You'll need a stethoscope, too.
They say that behind every successful man is a woman, but all you really see is a dozen or so monkeys, three spotlights, and a playbill for Arthur Miller's The Crucible.
Since the dawn of time, man has dreamed of flying. Sadly, after this week's events, it'll mostly just be nightmares.
Self-improvement may be a noble goal, but the stars aren't so sure the leg rests, dual cup-holders, and wood paneling are what people had in mind.
While you're relieved to hear that the test results were negative, the mile-wide skywriting does seem a little excessive.
People claim that age is nothing more than a state of mind, making this week's stroke revealing on a few different levels.
You will scream the name of a loved one from the rooftops this week. Unfortunately for you, she'll still refuse to let you back into the apartment.
You'll find Jesus this week, more or less in the exact same place you lost him: underneath the football bleachers behind school.
Look, the stars foresee whatever the hell you want them to foresee, okay? Good. Now, let's all just move on with our respective days.
Yelling "fire!" at the top of your lungs will not only not help people evacuate faster, but it'll also convince most of them that there's some sort of fire they need to outrun.
They say you're just a big kid trapped in a grown man's body, but then, they've never really seen you what you look like naked in front of the mirror before.
When threatened, armadillos are known to curl up into a protective ball for hours on end—a practice that will make this week's encounter with one a rather embarrassing stalemate.
Though your new prosthetic is incredibly lifelike, many can tell it's not real, mostly because people don't have three ears.
A series of runaway gasoline trucks will soon prove that dying young and leaving a pretty corpse behind don't necessarily go hand in hand.
We all stand on the shoulders of giants. Some of us, however, do it in order to flash the band.
You truly believe that what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger, making you the most powerful 400-pound chain-smoking chronic masturbator in the world.
While it's true that history is written by the winners, it, like most everything else in life, is copyedited by the losers.
You'll finally see your friends for who they really are this week: good and decent people desperately trying to inch themselves away from you.
While having high expectations for oneself can be productive, it can also be lead to heartache and disappointment, especially for a giant loser such as yourself.
This week, try not to worry about things over which you have no control. For an ineffectual slob such as yourself, this means just about everything.
You might think you're the coolest person around, but don't forget about Beth Mills of Austin, TX. She has a hedgehog.
Remember: Three can keep a secret if two are dead. That said, you know what you have to do.
You will achieve a certain kind of fame when you discover several more steps to add to your 12-step program.
Because of its dualistic nature, Gemini believes there are two kinds of people in this world: you and those who won't die in a coke-fueled gunfight this Sunday.
You'll fail to pull yourself up by your bootstraps this week when your boots become tangled in the traffic helicopter's landing skids.
The combination of Mars and Venus in your sun sign indicates that love is in your future whether you can afford it or not.
Scorpio is the most generous, magnanimous, and noble of all the Zodiacal signs, but that's still no reason for the board to grant you parole.
You've always been a lightning rod for controversy, but it gets worse when you become an actual lightning rod.
Remember: Sometimes you just have to step back, take a deep breath, give yourself a shake, and blow off the top of your head with Dad's old shotgun.
You'll find yourself up the creek without a paddle this week, but take heart: Paddles are available for purchase at any decent sporting-goods store.
Smile! Somebody out there loves you. On second thought, don't smile.
The whole world will hold its breath this week while you engage in a life-and-death struggle with heartburn.
After your fourth hospital stay in as many months, you begin to mistrust the other members of your aerobatic biplane squad.
You will soon become the first person in history to be offered sex because of your political-cartooning skills.
An embarrassing nickname comes back to haunt you this week, convincing you once and for all that you should never have strangled all those nurses.
The times call for rational, well-reasoned thinking. Under no circumstances allow your thinking to be clouded by superstition.
You enjoy true back-to-school learning fun this week at the hands of a well-trained, double-jointed Korean sex instructor.
The stars hereby grant you the secret of lighter, fluffier pancakes: Use sour cream instead of milk.
Your mother thinks you are wonderful, unique and lovable. Push her down a flight of stairs.
Your face will make headlines nationwide. Unfortunately, the headlines will read, "Get A Load Of This Poor Bastard's Ugly Face."
You will soon be chopped to bits, roasted, covered with caramel, stuffed in a box with a cheap toy, and sold to children nationwide.
A tall, dark stranger will appear to you in a dream, look tenderly into your eyes and extol the virtues of Pall Mall cigarettes.
Everything you desire shall be yours this week, providing you do not under any circumstances read your horoscope.
You may not have a lot of money, but you still believe yourself to be rich in many ways. This isn't surprising considering the cost of a proper education these days.
The lion shall lay down with the lamb this week, before looking around, realizing no savior has in fact returned, and ripping out the poor, unsuspecting animal's throat.
The difference between life and death can come down to a few precious minutes, or in your case, the time it takes for the EMTs to finally stop laughing.
You'll have a terrifying out-of-body experience this week, followed by an even more horrifying back-inside-your-body experience this week.
It takes a lot of courage to stand up and speak candidly in front of a large group of people. Especially when those people are just there to watch KISS.
Virgos are known for their submissive nature, weak and cowardly attitude, and tendency to just sit there and nod along while the stars openly shit all over them.
While it's true that drugs aren't the answer to your problem, they will, if taken in large enough doses, make you forget exactly what your problems are.
You've managed to overcome a lot in order to become senior marketing manager, primarily your hopes, aspirations and dreams.
Pretty soon you're going to have to sit down and ask yourself some very important questions. Particularly, "why?"
There are certain species of bear which mind their own business and don't attack or eat humans. You will not meet any such bears this week.
Don't let pessimism or negativity get in your way this week, as you already have a hard enough time not always fucking everything up on your own.
You establish a destructive pattern of behavior this week when you discover how much fun it is to destroy things.
Nothing noteworthy will occur in your life this week, as you have not paid your cable bill in months.
The loneliness you feel cannot last forever. It can, however, last 40 years until the moment of your death.
Your religious faith will be shattered when, after years of piety, you discover a little-known Bible passage condemning murder.
The disappearance of Mars from the sky may indicate that it is time to let go of your warlike nature. Also, it could indicate that Mars has taken orbit behind the sun.
Your beloved cats Oscar, Sofie, Tim, Gibson and Malcolm are asked to appear on national television after smothering you in your sleep.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you will make absolutely no effort to take charge of your miserable life this week.
Your birthday party will once again be ruined by highly trained, combat-tested military demolitions experts.
Reaffirm your commitment to weight loss this week. Eat five pounds of cottage cheese, six cans of peach halves in heavy syrup, and a liter of Diet Coke for each meal.
A crazy person will try to convince you that the stars are vast, distant balls of gaseous matter. Ignore him.
You will discover the power of chain letters this week when you accidentally break one and suffer no terrible consequences whatsoever.
Nothing can stop Destiny from exerting its powerful influence over you if it so desires. However, it does not.
You may be entitled to a large refund this week when the gynecologist you've been seeing announces that you are not pregnant but male.
Once the laughter dies down, the party favors are put away, and the monkeys led back inside their cages, you'll finally be given a chance to explain your side of the story.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what's been wrong with you lately. That, sadly enough, will take three rocket scientists.
There's nothing a woman remembers more vividly than her wedding day, which for you means going straight to Plan B.
All of your Boy Scout training will come in handy this week when you're forced to fight off three grown men in a dark tent.
Take a moment this week to reflect on the fleeting nature of love, loss, and life itself. This should give the stars enough time to deal with some actually important shit for once.
They say there's nothing funny about being a raging alcoholic, which is strange, as you can't seem to keep yourself from laughing hysterically about it.
Just when things seem to be going your way, you'll be forced to get out of bed this week.
Nobody knows your sweet old Jeremiah as well as you do, except maybe for his secret second wife, their three grown-up children, and several high-ranking officers at the CIA.
The stars foresee a great deal of wealth and success in your future, though mostly it's just to keep themselves entertained.
Your body will soon undergo a number of new and exciting changes, transforming you little by little into what was once a woman.
Turns out that all those sandwiches weren't actually named after you, and that "Turkey With Swiss On Rye" is a rather unusual first name.
By the end of the week you'll know more about dental prostheses than you ever thought possible.
The stars don't understand how you can sleep at night after everything that you've done, though they're mostly just referring to all the napping.
Remember: Some people were put on this earth to achieve great things. Other people, like you, are just here to help with exposition and backstory.
Much to your horror, the other shoe will finally drop this week, along with the other sock, half-a-dozen metal screws, and the other prosthetic leg.
You'd do just about anything to be able to see your father again, which is too bad, as he's healthy, happy, and living at an assisted living center in Coral Springs.
The earth and moon continue their age-old cosmic dance this week, bumping into nearby star systems, and bringing untold death and destruction to millions of lives.
This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stayed home, but this little piggy—this little piggy right here—will be mailed to friends and family members for a healthy ransom.
You'll laugh all the way to the bank this week, before seeing your account statement, monthly service charges, looming overdraft fees, and crying all the way back home.
The stars indicate that you're way ahead of your time. Specifically, the year 2436, when covering oneself in bird dung and screaming angrily at the Sun will be commonplace.
The ebb and flow of the ocean tide will greatly influence your future this week, pushing you further and further away from all those rescue ships.
It slices, it dices—it makes perfect shoestring fries each and every time! It's Susan, the woman you married 15 years ago and now treat more like a kitchen appliance than your very wife!
They say that home is where the heart is, but little do they know about the metal box, the bloody towels, and the crosscut saw beneath the floorboards.
An attractive member of the opposite sex will misconstrue your coy flirtations this week, leaving you unfulfilled and embarrassed, but with a very full sugar bowl.
Sex with you is an earth-shattering experience, especially the part where hundreds of Indonesians lose their lives.
The throbbing inside your skull will finally come to a† stop, signaling the end of the Trematode's gestation period.
Don't spend the rest of your life wondering "what if?" Dress the dog in full military regalia before it's too late.
The human body is a work of art, which explains why those security guards won't let you touch it.
Being bright, handsome, and exceptionally talented isn't all that it's cracked up to be. So at least you've got that going for you.
You'll feast on the flesh of your mortal enemy, which is lucky for you, as your mortal enemy is the orange-braised duck.
Turns out it was the butler, in the study, with the candlestick. But enough about your love life.
Your work with disadvantaged and at-risk youth continues this Thursday when you're forced to hand them your wallet.
Friends will soon discover the secret ingredient to your world-famous lemon bars, though they'll lack the necessary motor functions to tell others.
Follow your dreams this week. When delivering a presentation at work, turn into a giant eggplant and fly away.
You can put it off today, and you might even be able to brush it aside tomorrow, but pretty soon you're going to have to figure out why your arm is on fire.
You'll turn to religion this week, dislocating your neck, both shoulders, and most of your tendons in the process.
A golden egg of opportunity falls into your lap this week, at long last allowing for the purchase of a new pair of pants.
Nature, time, and patience are the three great physicians. Still, it might be time to consult Dr. Feldman about the grapefruit-sized growth hanging from the side of your throat.
You will finally know the sound of one hand clapping this week after your wife leaves you, your loneliness swells, and your cable package acquires a third Cinemax channel.
You will be brought to your very knees this Friday, crying out for mercy and offering unconditional surrender, only moments after consuming the great General Tso.
The empty box holds an almost infinite number of treasures. Regrettably, your miserable family relations did not even think to get you one of those for your birthday.
Your future is filled with polluted thoughts and impermissable actions against the Powerful Chinese State. The correct government authorities have already been contacted.
While the praying mantis hunts the cricket, it is unaware of the sparrow that lies in wait. Also, it is unaware that the sparrow found cheap cricket lipstick all over one of its dress shirts last week.
A wise man once said, "树倒猢狲散." Such advice will feel especially apt this coming Saturday.
You lucky numbers for this week are: 348, 0.00026894, 5/6ths, and 12.
Renewed popularity will be yours this week when it is determined that your cartilage can help to make the phallus hard and strong like a pillar of granite.
The celestial river of stars, infinite in its sage counsel and inspiring insight, indicates that this is a good week for work in the workplace.
Remember: Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man how to contact the esteemed Yu Wan Mei Corporation, known for its appetizing fish by-products and affordable prices of purchase, and you feed him for the rest of his life.
You're beginning to wonder exactly who is in charge of quality control for all those treasure maps.
An otherwise enjoyable week is shot to hell when you have several phone conversations with people from L.A.
You've never been one to take offense at accusations of arrogance, especially since they're all bullshit anyway.
It's impossible for you to get more tail than a dogcatcher—partially because of your poor hygiene, but mainly because you're a dogcatcher.
You will abandon your search for the wisdom of the East when it turns out to be devoid of cool kung-fu moves.
Good things will happen when you least expect them, greatly embarrassing you while you're trying to enjoy a shit in peace.
Having a girl pop out of the birthday cake was a fine idea, but you really should have given more thought as to when to cut the cake.
Next week will feature family scandal, almost a dozen murders, a drowned girlfriend, and lots of manic depression, yet it's not in any way based on Hamlet.
You will suffer dire consequences after toying with powerful forces you do not understand—namely gravity.
Everything you touch will soon turn to gold, giving the cops a glittering, sparkling trail of 9-year-olds to follow.
Your defense lawyer is one of the best, but he will have a hard time blaming those 11 murders on the bossa nova, the dance of love.
You are in grave danger of losing whatever credibility you had as a psychiatrist, which is strange, as you've been in floor coverings for 17 years.
You're finally entering the period of life in which the things that you want to do greatly outnumber the things that you will eventually do.
The way to respond to a stupid question is to pretend not to hear it, which is why your friends all seem to have hearing problems.
An elite squad of international assassins will target you in an effort to make sure that the secrets behind your famous chili stay secret.
Everyone has one of those uncles who knows how to use a rifle, add a deck to the house, and catch a trout—everyone, that is, except for your nephew.
After everyone has spoken, there will be an awkward, 90-second silence, at which point people will agree that you've been eulogized enough.
The debate on whether we have a shame- or a guilt-based society is complicated when, due to some odd circumstances, you kill a man by shitting your pants.
Once again, you'll be surprised by how many of your troubles can be traced back to that smelly old couch.
Though it's noble that you became an accounts adjuster to make the world a better place, it remains unclear exactly how that's going to happen.
Keep in mind that it's important to set goals so you feel appropriately pathetic when you fail to achieve them.
Heartbreak is in the stars for you this week when the woman of your dreams confesses she cannot love a man with such an unholy appetite for pie.
You've had your picture in the paper before, but never in connection with a catastrophic bridge collapse.
Remember, it's not how hard you beat the goat, but whether the goat you're beating is on fire.
You’ll feast on the flesh of your mortal enemy, which is lucky for you, as your mortal enemy is the orange-braised duck.
Friends will soon discover the secret ingredient to your world-famous lemon bars, though they’ll lack the necessary motor functions to tell others.
You’re no art expert, but you know what you like, which explains all the meatball sandwiches hanging on your walls.
The stars fucking give up—if you want another slice of blueberry pie, just go ahead and have another slice of blueberry pie.
While it's true that every man has his price, yours is the only one clearly labeled at the top of a pancake menu.
It might not be today, and it might not be tomorrow, but you’ll soon come to regret staging a pie-eating contest to select a new wife.
You’re about to go through a real messy divorce, thanks in large part to the Philly cheese steak you’ll refuse to put down.
The stars apologize for last week’s prediction of “money problems.” Looks like they forgot the “k” in there.
You’ll have no choice but to eat the other passengers after your plane crashes into an Armor Hot Dog Processing Plant this week.
Don’t spend the rest of your life wondering “what if?” Dress the dog in full military regalia before it’s too late.
Turns out it was the butler, in the study, with the candlestick. But enough about your love life.
You’ll turn to religion this week, dislocating your neck, both shoulders, and most of your tendons in the process.
Avoid confrontation at work today. Sneak up behind your boss and slowly strangle him to death.
Your work with disadvantaged and at-risk youth continues this Thursday when you’re forced to hand them your wallet.
Most firearm accidents occur in the home. Avoid the chance of serious injury by getting shot repeatedly at work this week.
Follow your dreams this week. When delivering a presentation at work, turn into a giant eggplant and fly away.
The stars foresee a second job promotion in the days to come, though they should probably be telling Dave about it instead of you.
Punctuality has never been your strong suit. Keep those at work from finding out with a series of diversionary explosions this week.
Getting laid off is a tough pill to swallow, though that’s primarily because it’s a suppository.
Your coworkers are beginning to tire of your lame excuses. Although, to be fair, that’s really your plumber’s fault.
The kind of pressure you'll deal with this week would kill a lesser man, which, unfortunately, is exactly what you are.
When asked where you see yourself in five years, refrain from laughing wildly, crying suddenly, and jumping clear out of a nearby window.
Your fear of heights worsens this Thursday when the vertical measurement calls you at home, breathes heavily into the receiver, and threatens to murder your loved ones in their sleep.
No matter what path you ultimately take, or what choices you ultimately make, this week will still end with you being shot out of a cannon.
Your marriage will soon erode to the point where you'll be sorely tempted to turn her in for the reward money.
The stars find that the time has come for you to put away childish things. Yes, that includes your three small children.
If there is more to life than fishing, you don't want to know what it is. This will help explain your death from malnutrition and dehydration next week.
You will be shocked to learn that, due to a legal fluke, your long-term houseguest is now your common-law wife.
Try as you might, you will not be able to improve your mediocre putting game. Gee, some big fucking problems you got, asshole.
After 14 long years, you will be admitted to the Baseball Hall Of Fame when you finally come up with the $11.50 admission price.
Start childproofing your house now, as a pack of bloodthirsty feral children is headed your way.
Telling the waitress that you could make a better cup of coffee from the sweat on your balls won't do her any good. Show her how.
You never thought anything could ever replace sex in your life, but that was before you tried pouring yourself a nice stiff drink, putting on some music, and having sex.
Financial experts know that a number of factors are to blame for the downturn, but they won't be able to shake the hunch that it was all your fault somehow.
Your uniqueness as a human being is threatened when you find a person who enjoys ham just as much as you do.
Remember: No matter how bad things get, or how hopeless life may seem, you can always go home again and take it out on your family.
Your life will be drab and gray until you discover that your stuffed animals can be posed in amusing sexual positions.
Don't be so sensitive. Sometimes, when people say "big, fat, flaming asshole," they really just mean "fat asshole."
You're the kind of person who likes to have the right tool for the job, so don't be caught without a complete set of dental picks this week.
Jupiter is in your sun sign this week, making it pretty crowded in there, what with Jupiter being the largest of the planets and all.
You thought true love would last forever, but you're shocked to discover an expiration date printed on the back, just below the consumer warnings.
Financial reward could be in your future this week, as Gemini is offering limited-time zero-percent interest on all balances transferred from other Zodiac signs. Apply now.
You will fall victim to a dangerous personality disorder that makes you believe that the personal lives of celebrities are interesting and important.
Frankly, the stars don't understand what your problem is with calamari. So what if it's tentacles? It's delicious! Eat it already!
You'll feel cheated this week when you discover there's no law that says you have to be nice to old ladies.
Next week will be a time of great financial and emotional rewards. It's just too bad you won't be there to see it.
Your shocking decision to pose nude in Cosmopolitan may not have created such a stir had you asked the editors' permission first.
The stars indicate you shouldn't forget Katya's potluck this Friday at 6 p.m.
A pair of magical elves will soon appear and lend a helpful hand by cobbling shoes through the night. Though not before taking full advantage of your sleeping wife.
You'll be pulled over by the grammar police this week, asked to slowly step out of your car, and then beaten mercilessly for using a double negative.
In some primitive and remote cultures, obesity is a sign of great influence and wealth. Take that of Northern Minnesota, for instance.
Cancer represents the descent of the self into the collective ocean of spirit and thought. Also, Cancer represents whatever other bullshit you're willing to believe this week.
Sometimes with love you just have to dust yourself off, lick your wounds, and get right back up on that horse again—no matter how angry the poor mare already is.
You'll soon spy with your little eye something that is red and black and burnt and flying and shrieking and vengeful and howling and hurt. Thanks, in large part, to all that acid.
Being a parent doesn't come with an instruction manual, which is too bad, as you'd love something heavy to beat the little bastard with.
The descent of Jupiter in your sign is often associated with a change in careers, though today, it's pretty much just Scorpio's way of letting you know your fly is down.
Remember: There's no reason to go through life worrying about every little horrifying thing that may happen to your legs, shortly after 10 p.m., this coming Saturday.
Your dog will soon become just as much a part of the family as your kids, your loving spouse, and that short, hairy uncle of yours that needs to be let out every few hours.
It's okay to feel a little nervous and unsure of yourself during your first day at work. After all, it's not as if you were even hired there.
Only you can help yourself this week, as pretty much all the rescue workers, fire fighters, and emergency medical technicians will refuse.
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister will walk into a bar this week, order three stiff drinks, and break down crying in one of the most depressing jokes you've ever heard.
Friends and family members have often compared you to a china doll, but the resemblance will be uncanny next week when your limbs are broken and your head is pulled loose.
The presence of Mercury in your sign can only mean one thing: The stars have officially run out of euphemisms for discussing your monthly menstruation.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, recommend that you check yourself this week, as not doing so might lead you to wreck yourself in the near future.
Remember: No matter how bad things get, or how hopeless life may seem, you can always go home again and take it out on your family.
You'll soon die of embarrassment, though not before the vibrator-wielding chimpanzees manage to crack through your skull.
A bizarre chain of existential mishaps will result in your third viewing of the hit romantic comedy Sleepless in Seattle this week.
As someone who has never been very comfortable with the sight of blood, you should avoid next Thursday's baby shower at all costs.
You'll have your mind blown this week by nothing more than a shotgun slug traveling nearly at the speed of sound.
A hand crank, two steel hooks attached at opposite ends of the oral cavity, and sheer mechanical force will soon leave you with a giant smile on your face.
Don't let negativity win out today, even though it probably will, because you're a worthless human being who most likely doesn't deserve to be happy!
In dog years, your border collie will soon turn 50, which explains the suit and tie, the growing stack of Wall Street Journals, and the rather conservative political worldview.
The stars believe that a person must make his own mistakes, but they warn you not to do anything that may, say, burn down Chicago this week.
Only God can judge you. Unfortunately, He's been appearing to all your friends and telling them what an asshole you are.
The black widow spider does not have the most powerful venom of any spider in the world, but it's still going to do quite a number on your legs.
The truth is indeed elusive, hard to comprehend, and subjective. What we're trying to say is: You're fat.
There hasn't been a stampeding death in your area in more than a century, but your air horn and steer costume will change all that.
Take solace in this: There is a meaning and purpose to the universe, even if it's far too complicated for you to understand, and won't pay off for years.
Some may call your breast implants tacky, but at least you had the guts to try out unconventional shapes.
You've always been a fashion-forward trendsetter, which is why, after next Thursday, they'll all be saying that getting shot in the face is the new black.
Gradual, almost imperceptible change will make you a better person over the course of the next 37,000 years.
The stars could reveal your future, but they'd just be repeating what the Love Tester at the fair already told you.
People will come from miles around to seek your wisdom on all manner of things, which is proof that people will do anything for a good laugh.
You'll never smile again after the tragic loss of your lower jaw and lips this week.
You'll awake this week to find a complete stranger in your room, along with her husband, their two daughters, and all of their belongings, furniture and clothes.
The stars indicate the start of an exciting new career in the coming days. Though it's really those asteroids you should be paying closer attention to.
You've always been handy with a bow saw, which is good news, as you've never been handy with a bear trap.
The debate over capital punishment rages on this week when hundreds of citizen argue over who gets to strap you in.
Remember: Nobody likes to be called a "cold fish" in bed, but taking your bar's love tester home isn't going to prove anything.
Inspiration will hit you when you least expect it this week, knocking you completely unconscious while your back is turned.
Get ready to kiss your niece, your nephew, and all of your godchildren goodbye. Though, this time, try not to slip them the tongue while you do it.
You've never been the type of person who runs away at the first sign of trouble. But that's because you're long gone by the time it arrives.
Your exaggerated sense of self-worth takes a steep drop this week when the pyramid of milk bottles refuses to fall.
A thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters for a thousand years may not be able to produce the works of Shakespeare, but they could probably come up with a better hyperbole in half that time.
Your disdain for authority will be full display this week when you pick a fight with a handsome set of leather-bound encyclopedias.
The stars will send you a special message this week, but sadly, you will be long dead by the time it reaches Earth.
You have a mind like a steel-trap, much to the horror of all those poor naked women locked inside.
Never in a million years did you think you'd be diagnosed with split-personality disorder, which is surprising, as Frank saw it coming a mile away.
A prize-winning horse should have a thick coat, strong hindquarters, and an elegant gait. Also, it probably shouldn't talk, suddenly split in two, and run off in opposing directions.
It's not enough to just sit there and cry about your problems all night long. Try also kicking your legs a bit to see if that helps.
Border guards will accuse you of trying to smuggle 10 pounds of prime Chilean beef inside your colon, though the condition they'll find it in will be less than desirable.
You're getting to be much too old for a babysitter, especially one who's supposed to be watching after your children.
The stars foresee a huge promotion at work this week. Get ready to move up to Senior Person Who Nobody Takes Seriously Or Respects.
You'll kick back this week with a little bit of Grandpa's cough medicine, which is too bad, as Grandpa was a radiation oncologist.
Behind every successful man is a woman. However, if they find the basement full of yours, you can kiss your career in politics goodbye.
A little piece of you will die this week, clotting the little fluids it helps to circulate, collapsing the little lungs it helps to expand, and completely shutting down your little nerve center.
They say imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. However, the exaggerated and drawn-out stutter they say it with indicates otherwise.
You will soon make a comfortable living exploiting other people's deep-seated anxieties and crippling fears.
The stars foretell of a mad prophet rising in the East in the moon's next cycle. They hope this somehow helps you with your life.
No one will be able to describe your death without using a lot of violent hand gestures, making whooping sounds, and generally doing his or her best "angry chimp" imitation.
You have failed in your life's goal, but don't feel too bad: Of all the people who dream of working at a fast-food restaurant, only 98 percent actually make it.
Don't waste time developing a healthy body image, as your body will look a hell of a lot different starting Thursday.
Turns out your nightmarish descent into alcoholism and drug abuse will be a lot more fun than expected.
The events of next week will closely mirror all the other events in your life up to that point.
Your natural resourcefulness allows you to enjoy father-daughter day at the zoo, though you are neither a father nor a daughter, and you can't stand animals.
Do not believe those who tell you they can see your future. They are merely preying upon your ignorant, fearful, superstitious nature.
Your decision to take up bicycling will cause many in your area to rethink their call for increased bicycle safety.
You'll finally find yourself in a relationship that may not end with you asking the other person if they'd like a bag for that.
Though your birthday falls into the correct range of dates, the stars say you are not actually an Aquarius. In fact, they are pretty sure you're an asshole.
You thought your new sports car could do everything but love you, so its declaration of devotion will come as quite a shock.
Your life is about to get a whole lot easier. Unfortunately, the same thing can't be said for your live-in nurse.
Pain will be yours this week when that Man from Nantucket finally hears all the terrible things you've been writing about him.
If you had a dollar for every time a gorgeous woman invited you back to her place, you probably wouldn't be saving for that prostitute right about now.
The kinds of changes that await you this week can be readily found within the pages of most high school chemistry books.
You will once again lie to your dentist about brushing three times a day, flossing regularly, and not sleeping with his wife at the nearby motel every other Tuesday.
Humiliation will be yours this week when astronomers discover four large satellites orbiting around you.
Sure, smoking won't make you look cool, but at least it'll give you an excuse for being so incredibly lame.
You'll put yourself through college by stripping, which wouldn't be so bad if you were doing it for the tuition money rather than the classroom grades.
An attempt at composing the perfect love sonnet will fail time and again this week when you fall for a girl named "Orange."
Curiosity will kill the cat this week, though the microwave, the duct tape, and the tupperware container will be mostly to blame.
Like a river that has, due to a number of environmental changes, begun to run dry, so too will your life become strained and hard to parse.
There's just something about women you find completely irresistible. Probably their reproductive organs.
Self-improvement may be a noble goal, but the stars aren't so sure the leg rests, dual cup-holders, and wood paneling are what people had in mind.
You'll be damned if you know what those guys on the Spanish-language station are saying, but they're definitely having a much better time than you are.
Critics will call your first poetry collection a "stirring work of utmost courage and beauty," which just goes to show how much mileage that man from Nantucket has.
Most firearm accidents occur in the home. Avoid the chance of serious injury by getting shot repeatedly at work this week.
Your hunger for knowledge is second to none. Unfortunately, you tend to regurgitate everything right back up again.
Set your inner child free! A bottle of disinfectant, a pair of grasping tongs, and an ordinary wire hanger are all you need!
Venus is descending in your sign this week, but you're better off not knowing exactly what that means.
Love means something different to everyone, but you immediately come to mind whenever polite indifference is mentioned.
You'll struggle to remember how you ever got around before owning a car, which is to be expected after suffering a head-on collision like that.
Your fear of heights worsens this Thursday when the vertical measurement calls you at home, breathes heavily into the receiver, and threatens to murder your loved ones in their sleep.
Remember: It's not that you can't find happiness in life, it's that you won't find happiness in life.
You always hate it when shows end with a big musical number, so you'll probably be pretty disappointed with what happens to the universe on Wednesday.
An unexpected visitor will wake you in the middle of the night, rush you to the bathroom, and leave you bloodied and scared. Congratulations, you're a woman now.
The stars indicate that it will be bigger than a breadbox, smaller than a dump truck, and just about as angry as most baboons can get.
The bible will stop the bullet dead in its tracks, though why you keep it fastened to your genitals like that is anyone's guess.
Punctuality has never been your strong suit. Keep those at work from finding out with a series of diversionary explosions this week.
You'll fall for the oldest trick in the book, which is rather sad, as it's the one where everything comes together in the end.
No matter what path you ultimately take, or what choices you ultimately make, this week will still end with you being shot out of a cannon.
Remember: Women like to be charmed, and wooed, and romanced from time to time, you unbelievable slut.
A mixture of horror and impatience will be yours this week when you become the latest victim of the Doesn't Really Know What He's Doing Killer.
Surviving this week will hinge heavily on the bear's ability to understand English, his grasp of such higher concepts as mercy, and whether or not you'll let go of that honey.
People and places from your past will come rushing back this week, thanks to a sudden hemorrhage of the temporal lobe.
Either the whole thing is just one big coincidence, or they named a deadly species of blood-sucking parasite after you for a reason.
Starting next Thursday, every walk you go on will automatically be a Cancer Walk.
You'll have your train of thought derailed this week, instantly killing thousands of Indian passengers, injuring countless livestock, and choking the streets with cargo and crew.
Since the dawn of time, man has dreamed of flying. After this Thursday though, it'll mostly just be nightmares.
It's not true that everything you like is illegal, immoral, or fattening, but that's because you're a boring Puritan with no imagination or glands.
Not that it's really the Zodiac's business, but most people take the dead goldfish out of the tank before adding new ones. The same goes for the drowned cats.
A freak accident this week will endow you with the relative strength and speed of 10 wheelchair-bound men.
You've never paid much attention to abandoned offshore oil platforms before, but suddenly everyone seems to think they'd be perfect for you.
Getting laid off is a tough pill to swallow, though that's primarily because it's a suppository.
Through the impressive process of extending Orion's celestial finger, the stars indicate that you should fuck off.
Sometimes you wish you could just close your eyes and disappear. Wait, no. Not sometimes. Always.
Next time, when passing a note intended to find out if someone likes you, you'll know to provide more than one box to check.
It turns out that Andy Warhol overestimated the duration of your fame by about 14 and a half minutes.
Although you've certainly slept your way somewhere, no one would ever mistake it for the top.
Don't worry your pretty little head about next week's events. Instead, worry your pretty little arms, your pretty little legs, and that pretty little spine of yours about it.
The stars would love to give you some relationship advice, but then, they're still quite tired from having all that sex with your wife.
You'll be honored this week by the prestigious Academy Of Just Handing These Damn Things Out To Whoever's Around.
They say animals can often sense an earthquake moments before it strikes, which explains why so many of them are smiling at you right now.
A premature and rather curious birth this week will bring new meaning to the idiom "all thumbs."
Your coworkers are beginning to tire of your lame excuses. Although, to be fair, that's really your plumber's fault.
Looking back on it now, letting Sam Peckinpah direct your home movies was probably a big mistake.
Note: This week's horoscope has been classified by the CIA due to a series of national security concerns. The constellation Scorpio has already been detained.
You've never felt comfortable with math or science, which makes complete sense, as the two disciplines molested you as a child.
The judge will sentence you to three weeks of community service work at a nearby park, which is exactly what you were doing when the cops picked you up.
Low-Risk Mutual Funds and Tax-Exempt Municipal Bonds might seem like a safe bet. But then, picking a racehorse based solely on its name is never the way to go.
Remember: Spring is a time of renewal and rebirth. Barricade the door to your goddamn basement before it arrives.
You'll be punished for playing God this week, which isn't surprising, considering the cockney accent, exaggerated limp, and thick head of curly blonde hair you gave Him.
NASA officials will once again select you for a very important mission. Though, to be fair, going out and getting them coffee isn't as exciting as it used to be.
All of your money problems will soon be solved, including how many more quarters Suzie has than Scott, and what, if any change, Michael should get back from Michelle.
After years of painstaking research and rigorous clinical trials, medical science still doesn't have an answer for why you're such a jerk.
That bottle of whiskey might help you sleep, but then, there's probably an easier way than smashing it over your head every night.
You'll be praised for your contributions in the field of forensic science, though much of the credit should go to the barbed wire, the hydrofluoric acid, and the radial arm saw.
Previously on Libra—"Is thatcould it beyes, it's the tall, dark stranger!" "Welcome to Sydney madam, I hope last night's journey over water was to your liking." "32, 8, 17, 24, 5."
You'll soon discover three new planets, a dwarf star, and two orbiting satellites—an incredible achievement for someone just trying to peer in on his neighbor.
A mixture of dread, anxiety and utter disgust will be yours this week when the nation's housing blister finally bursts.
You'll soon bathe in the blood of your enemies, though not before a number of rather embarrassing hints from your friends.
Avoid staring directly at the stars this week, as a rider in their contract forbids anyone from making eye contact with them.
You've spent years living in a fantasy world, which is rather unfortunate, as it's one dreamed up by that hack Robert Jordan.
You've long thought of yourself as a left-brain type of person, but the stroke will quickly and dramatically change all that.
After years of putting up an emotional wall, you'll realize the error of your ways this week and purchase three tons of brick and cement instead.
You will uncover an ancient Aztec curse this Thursday, one frightened locals say translates to "motherfucker."
The baboon will see you as a threat to the social hierarchy of the pack, which truth be told, is giving you way too much credit.
He'll scream, they'll scream, you'll all scream for ice cream—forcing several orderlies to rush back into the room and strap everyone down in their beds.
Interior decorators claim that only about 18 inches of space is needed for people to pass between furnishings, but that was before they got a load of you.
When asked where you see yourself in five years, refrain from laughing wildly, crying suddenly, and jumping clear out of a nearby window.
They say you're getting a little too old for a pacifier. Then again, as long as they let you keep sucking on their tits they can say whatever they want.
You're a great believer in "an eye for an eye," but you still don't understand why they always have to use yours.
A car accident awaits you in the coming days, which is unfortunate, as it's the kind that involves too many Mountain Dews and not enough gas station.
An abrupt lifestyle change will find you joining the skua, sheathbill and killer whale as the newest natural predator of the penguin.
You're a natural born skeptic, always questioning the world in your search for empirical truth, rejecting along the way pseudoscience, psychobabble, and any other nonsense—like all Pisces.
You'll have no choice but to eat the other passengers after your plane crashes into an Armor Hot Dog Processing Plant this week.
Remember: When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Then, when life least expects it, throw the lemonade right in its spiteful face.
Everyone laughed when you said mankind wouldn't last another 100 years, but that's because you did it in a funny Mexican accent.
On sale this week at Cancer. Love advice, 99 cents a pound. Fresh, organic prophecies, two for $2.25. Plus, Zodiac-brand Fortune Bars, only $4 until supplies last.
Mosquitoes are usually attracted to body heat and perspiration, though in your case, it's the giant mosquito costume.
The cosmic sands of time will sweep through your sign this week, filling your shorts with eons of frustration.
You're about to go through a real messy divorce, thanks in large part to the Philly cheese steak you'll refuse to put down.
A magic carpet ride awaits Scorpio this week. Prepare to travel from the trunk of an old Buick, down the Brooklyn Bridge, and into the East River.
No one likes to hear that they're going to be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of their life. Teach your cockatiel something else to say.
You can learn a lot by putting yourself in another person's shoes. Go the extra mile and put yourself in their clothes, their delicate hosieries, and their intoxicating undergarments.
Giving birth is a life-changing experience, especially when it shoots straight out of your sternum like that.
Saturn in your sign this week is cause for concern, as Pisces has had a restraining order against the planet for years.
The interesting thing about your future isn't its extreme brevity, but how many angry, drunken Cossacks it holds.
Your quest for abs of steel ends tragically this week when you cut yourself in half with a welding torch.
Sometimes it is best to simply let events unfold. However, doing so for the last 25 years was probably a mistake.
The kind of pressure you'll deal with this week would kill a lesser man, which, unfortunately, is exactly what you are.
You've got a pair of gams that just won't quit, making things quite awkward when management is forced to let them go.
A wonderful romantic experience looms ahead for Taurus, which really sucks, as you're a Virgo.
Something deep inside of you will re-awaken this week. Plan to spend most of Thursday sitting in your bathroom.
You'll soon come to regret catching fist-size chunks of jagged hail on your tongue.
Any well-read person will notice several parallels between the story of Beowulf and your disastrous housewarming party this week.
Your frequent boasts of being a real lady-killer will finally gain some credence when an FBI forensics team digs up your backyard.
You're no Mother Teresa, much to the utter shock and dismay of all those blind orphans in India.
Try as they might, the stars can't see the point in telling you about next week. You'll just do whatever you damn well please, anyway.
Your foot will fall asleep this Thursday, but not before draining a full bottle of whiskey, throwing up in an abandoned parking lot, and repeatedly calling its ex-wife on the phone.
The ghost of Richard Dean Anderson will soon pay you a visit and spend the entire time insisting he's not dead yet.
This week be sure to pray to St. Harold, the Patron Saint of Falling Down The Basement Stairs, Shattering Both Your Hips, And Laying Paralyzed Until Someone Gets Home.
Cancer had its latest prediction all set to go, but then it found out about this cool new thing called Twitter, and wellyou understand.
The average human adult has a total of 32 teeth. Look behind the couch, beneath the coffee table, and inside the dryer for the remaining 12 or so.
The eyes in that painting will seem to follow you around the room, which is quite odd for a Jackson Pollock.
High-powered telescopes will soon allow scientists to peer back at the very birth of the universe, though it's the steamy and rather forceful conception they're more interested in.
The good news is that you're dyslexic. The bad news, however, is that you switched the good news and bad news around.
Everyone laughed when you sent your dog to the Canine Academy Of Design, but they won't be laughing this week when he continues to shit all over their lawn.
A whirlwind romance will sweep you off your feet this week, before destroying your home, smashing your valuables, and dropping you off three states away.
While it's true that every man has his price, yours is the only one clearly labeled at the top of that waffle menu.
You'll spend your remaining years hooked up to a machine, which is sad, as it's the kind that checks e-mail and sends out texts.
When attracting a mate this week, emit several high-pitched calls, display your tail plumage in a colorful fan, and avoid getting arrested by horrified zoo officials.
Your passionate lovemaking will wake up the neighbors, making it a lot harder for you to have sex with them.
Jealousy, suspicion, and utter confusion will be yours this week when you find yourself at the center of a bizarre love rhombus.
There's nothing quite like the love of a real woman. Then again, if the plaster sets properly and the paint dries evenly, you'll have the next best thing.
Post-coital cigarettes are one thing, but those pre- and mid-coital cigarettes are really starting to piss your partner off.
While you'd love nothing more than to tap it, please be mindful, as the nation's Strategic Ass Reserves are at an all-time low.
Northerly winds will whisper the name of a former love in your ear, ruthlessly mocking you for having had a relationship with someone called "Ooooouuuuussssshhhhhh."
They'll find the key to your heart this week, but not before trying the key to your car, the key to your front door, and the key to your single unit storage locker.
Role-playing can help to spice things up in the bedroom. Pretend you and your husband are two people still physically attracted to one another.
You've been struck by Cupid's magical arrow before, but you and dozens of others will be unprepared for his use of an enchanted Gatling gun this week.
While it's true that your marriage isn't dead yet, the circling vultures and lurking coyotes can't be a good sign.
You thought the loss of your true love was the worst pain you could ever feel, but that was before you started vomiting up huge gouts of furious hornets.
Sex for you is nothing short of a religious experience, or at least praying for it is.
All of your questions will soon be answered, including what's that noise, who turned off all the lights, and why—why won't it stop feeding on us.
You always knew your girlfriend was going to be high-maintenance. Still, never did you imagine you'd be replacing the internal combustion engine by yourself.
They say you love money more than anything else in the world, but then, they've never seen you around a stack of pancakes.
Be sure to choose your words carefully this week as you've only got about seven of them left.
When you were born they threw away the mold. Also, they threw away the glass womb, the intravenous feeding tubes, the contaminated petri dishes, and most of the funding.
The thought of an invisible man who lives above the clouds and judges all of mankind might seem silly to you, but, hey, that's Greg.
You'll soon see yourself in a whole new light, which is too bad, as it's the kind police investigators use to check for semen stains.
The stars indicate professional success in the days to come, though it's quite difficult for them to keep a straight face during it.
It might not be today, and it might not be tomorrow, but you'll soon come to regret staging a pie-eating contest to select a new wife.
Journey to the past this week by realizing that things are pretty much the same miserable way they've always been.
You're about to give birth to one of life's greatest miracles. Unfortunately for you, it's the one with the multiplying loaves and fishes.
The old public-speaking trick of imagining the audience naked has served you well in the past, but that was before you had to give a talk to a room full of burn survivors.
You'll learn a lot about yourself in the days to come. Namely, what happens when a foot-wide gash is opened right beneath your spine.
This week try wearing less make-up when you leave the house, even if it means angering the other members of KISS.
While being a good friend means telling the truth, you'll soon realize that being a true friend means keeping your mouth shut.
E.B. White always believed that punctuation should be used sparingly. But then, E.B. White was—let's face it—a "pompous fuck."
If you pledge to Cancer at the $50 membership level, not only will you be supporting quality predictions in the future, but you'll also receive this handsome Cancer tote bag.
Remember: It's all a matter of perspective. See how your crippling finances look from atop that hill.
You've never really thought of yourself as a cat-person, but the splicing, trans-binding, and DNA re-sequencing will soon change all of that.
The rise of Jupiter in your sign can only mean one thing! Let the stars know what it is once you look it up.
Success is often difficult to define, though for you, it pretty much boils down to filling that cup with clean urine.
When life seems grim, and all hope is but a distant memory, why not try weeping uncontrollably in the shower? After all, it works for your husband.
The stars fucking give up—if you want another slice of blueberry pie, just go ahead and have another slice of blueberry pie.
Sure, a spoon full of sugar may make the medicine go down, but if it's suppositories you're struggling with, the spoon isn't going to help.
You'll be forced to undergo surgery to remove the lump from your throat. Though it's becoming a woman and not cancer of the larynx that will send you to the hospital.
They say you have a head for numbers, but that's because "head for tumors" isn't really an expression.
Your shortness of breath and wild fainting spells will be cured this week, thanks to a series of well-placed commas.
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones, though it's your habit of cooking naked that's really pissing the neighbors off.
The stars apologize for last week's prediction of "money problems." Looks like they forgot the "k" in there.
You'll soon possess the courage of 10 men, and the sexually transmitted diseases of about 50.
The stars foresee a second job promotion in the days to come, though they should probably be telling Dave about it instead of you.
Your creativity will be at an all-time high today, much to the dismay of your wife, the vacuum-cleaner salesman, and the dozen or so poodles.
Text "LIBRA" now for your chance to enter our weekly Astrological Giveaway! (Contest void in Hawaii, Alaska, and the binary star system of Alpha Centauri.)
You're no art expert, but you know what you like, which explains all the meatball sandwiches hanging on your walls.
Things will look up this week, before bearing their teeth, rearing up on their hind legs, and suddenly leaping at your throat.
You may not be a wealthy man, or a rich man, or even a prosperous man, but then, you do have a mastery of English-language synonyms.
It may seem like torture to you now, but one day you'll thank your parents for ripping off those fingernails.
You'll do it for the children this week, which is really too bad, as "it" involves exposing yourself behind some bushes.
Sex with you is an earth-shattering experience, especially the part where hundreds of Indonesians lose their lives.
The throbbing inside your skull will finally come to a stop this week, signaling the end of the Trematode's gestation period.
Don't spend the rest of your life wondering "what if?" Dress the dog in full military regalia before it's too late.
The human body is a work of art, which explains why those security guards won't let you touch it.
Being bright, handsome, and exceptionally talented isn't all that it's cracked up to be. So at least you've got that going for you.
You'll feast on the flesh of your mortal enemy, which is lucky for you, as your mortal enemy is the orange-braised duck.
Turns out it was the butler, in the study, with the candlestick. But enough about your love life.
Your work with disadvantaged and at-risk youth continues this Thursday when you're forced to hand them your wallet.
Friends will soon discover the secret ingredient to your world-famous lemon bars, though they'll lack the necessary motor functions to tell others.
Follow your dreams this week. When delivering a presentation at work, turn into a giant eggplant and fly away.
You can put it off today, and you might even be able to brush it aside tomorrow, but pretty soon you're going to have to figure out why your arm is on fire.
You'll turn to religion this week, dislocating your neck, both shoulders, and most of your tendons in the process.
Bloodied, alone and in shock, you'll finally realize it's not a Gorilla Gram.
The coming week will feature ball lighting, skin lesions, and a runaway gasoline truck. Then things will get ugly.
Wrinkles are usually a sign of aging, but in your case they just mean you should get out of the tub.
Your tryst with a married woman will come to an end this week when she finally asks you for a divorce.
Everything will go according to plan, except for the injured hostages, the brief shoot-out with police, and the fact that you were just trying to make toast.
The stars indicate that you're a lean, mean sex machine. Also, the stars indicate that you only take quarters.
True happiness will continue to elude you in the days to—wait, there it is! There, behind the couch! Quickly, it's getting away!
Having a child is one of the most thrilling experiences a woman can have, but you'll give it all up for the rush of riding your town's new rollercoaster.
Your life will have a fairy tale ending. Unfortunately for you, it's the one with the three bears returning home.
A freak explosion aboard a Florida fishing boat leaves you with the proportional strength and speed of a red-bellied trout.
Avoid confrontation at work today. Sneak up behind your boss and slowly strangle him to death.
Aquarius would love nothing more than to predict your future, but its old lady just got back from the C-Town, and man, that shit smells good.
You will accidentally jump to your death this week, thanks to a rather low ceiling fan.
The stars foresee the start of a beautiful, fulfilling, and life-affirming romance in 2009. Now please, for the love of God, just leave the stars alone.
Surprise will be yours this year when April Showers bring May Giant Flying Skulls That Breathe Out Fire.
You'll be forced to baby-proof your home in the months to come, though that won't stop the wily infants from getting back in.
Yes, there will be a period of adjustment, and yes, there will be a lot to accept, but don't worry: By the end of the year, those antlers will seem commonplace.
You'll go peacefully in your sleep this February, forcing disgusted nurses to once again change the sheets.
Due to economic pressures and a floundering fortune-telling market, Virgo will be forced to shut down operations in 2009. Please direct yourself to some tea leaves for any future predictions.
The Hands Of Fate will soon intervene, making a whacking-off motion every time you begin to speak.
Everyone will realize what a wonderful person you are in 2009—The International Year of Mean-Spirited Sarcasm.
Those last 10 pounds will melt away just in time for summer, or, as doctors will call it, "Stage 3."
Financial security and personal independence are just around the corner. Unfortunately for you, it's the corner filled with scantily dressed women.
A fresh start awaits Aquarius in the months to come, though truth be told, you'll lack the mental faculties to really appreciate it.
You'll be reunited with an old flame this August, leaving the other 40 percent of your chest covered in burns.
The stars indicate that you should live every day as though it were your last. Especially this coming Thursday.
There's no good excuse for what you're about to do. Then again, claiming that you wanted to see if the chainsaw still worked is a particularly bad one.
The hounds of hell will be at your door this week, clawing furiously to be let out and use the bathroom.
It's never easy to hear that you're going blind, especially since it also means that you're going deaf.
A jolly old man will slide down your chimney this Christmas Eve, open his big red bag, and take you for everything you've got.
Much to your dismay, that asshole Dave will continue strutting around the office like he owns the place.
Eyewitness accounts are notoriously unreliable, but dozens will nonetheless swear that the hippo seemed to be participating of its own free will.
Remember: You can't always just throw money at your problems. Sometimes you need to slowly hand money over to your problems.
You won't be caught dead in that hideous dress, but that's only because it'll be used to cut off your circulation.
An attempt to get your life in order will fail this week, thanks to a series of space/time paradoxes.
Despite repeated warnings from authority figures over the years, a strong wind will once and for all leave your face that way.
A car accident this week will leave you in a wheelchair. Sadly, a car accident next week will knock you out of one.
You'll wake up to find a lump of coal in your Christmas stocking. Also, you'll wake up to find that the stars have a difficult time informing people of testicular cancer.
You're about to make one woman very happy, and hundreds of thousands of other women extremely relieved.
Running away from your problems will fail this week, as will climbing out of your problems' reach, and playing dead in hopes that your problems go away.
The stars indicate that you've really done it this time. I mean, just look around, for God's sake. How did this even happen?
Your passionate lovemaking will wake up the neighbors this week, making it a lot harder for you to have sex with them.
All you'll want for Christmas are your two front teeth, along with your four bottom incisors, the six molars at the back of your mouth, and whatever other bicuspids are missing.
This week join your favorite astrological sign for all the classic predictions you've come to love in Leo: A Star Is Born.
Your face will soon be on the cover of every newspaper in town, thanks to a rather gruesome printing-press accident.
They say that you're going blind, that your vision is rapidly deteriorating, but don't worry: They are just a coat rack and hat.
Frustration will be yours this week when an airliner spirals out-of-control and crashes into the ground every time you're about to speak.
Don't let other people influence your future. That's what a vague and arbitrary set of cosmic indicators is for.
You'll discover the secret of fire this week—namely that it can make your ex-wife pay for everything she's done to you.
Lately it seems as though you're running out of steam. Shovel more coal into your firebox to rotate the paddlewheel.
When given a choice between tuna salad or egg salad this week, go with the egg salad. Just trust the stars on this one.
You will enjoy an unexpected day off from work when an out-of-control cement mixer runs over your legs.
Get back to the basics of family this week. Have your mother feed, bathe, and change you.
You will realize you've become part of the problem when you board a train that leaves Philadelphia at noon traveling 45 miles an hour.
It may seem like it's all wrapped up neatly, but admit it: You still have no idea who killed the chauffeur.
Thursday will usher in a new era of love and prosperity for Cancer, which is only fair considering what happens Friday.
Some things just go together perfectly, but no one would've believed it was true about cocaine and rhinos until you came along.
Your plan to commit the perfect crime is flawed in one important aspect: Sitting on the couch watching football all weekend is not illegal.
Though Boyle's Third Law is certainly important, you don't need to apply it to every situation you encounter.
You've always been a lightning rod for controversy, but it gets worse when you become an actual lightning rod.
The stars know this relationship isn't always easy, baby, but give it a chance. They promise you won't regret it.
Unfortunately, your grandmother isn't smiling down on you from her new home in heaven. She is, however, shrieking up at you from where she is.
If you use the phrase "proactive revenue streaming" one more time, the stars will see to it that you never meet any handsome dark strangers again.
Your desiccated remains will be found on a desert island along with an empty water bottle, three emergency ration packages, and the exact right CD for the occasion.
Meditate on the unique and breathtaking splendor of the natural world. Do this for as long as it takes them to fix your cable box.
You'll make all the women swoon this week, thanks to a damp rag and a handy bottle of chloroform.
It's not that you should be eating less, or even that you should be exercising more; it's that the stars have to waste their valuable time telling you.
Look to the Bible for solace this week. Or to any other work of fiction that may help you to escape.
While it's true that the universe works in mysterious ways, it's becoming pretty clear what it has against you.
You'll have mixed feelings this week when several leading gourmands describe you as "succulent" and "falling off the bone."
There's a fine line between comedy and tragedy. A fine line you will soon trip over, before rolling down the stairs and smashing your skull open on the concrete floor.
You'll be inconsolable this Thursday, or at least you would be, were anyone to actually try.
The strange men in lab coats will administer a series of electric shocks, painful injections, and radioactive treatments. They will then stop goofing around and get back to work.
The story of your life will be filled with action, adventure and romance. Sadly, it will also be filled with huge, sprawling typos.
You'll feel like a class-A moron this week when the U.S. government begins grouping citizens based on their overall level of intellect.
It may seem like just a birthmark to you, but the mole on your back grants you entry into the Secret Order of Melanoma.
If there's one thing about you, it's that you're a genuine and caring person. If there are two things about you, however, it's that you're easily placated by insincere flattery.
Lately it may seem as if you're losing your hair, but don't worry: That has nothing to do with the aging process.
The stars foresee a change in careers this week. Pretty soon, they'll be making a shitload of money in advertising, instead of wasting their precious time predicting your future.
The strange sounds coming from the basement will only grow louder, proving that it's been several hours since they last fed you.
A turkey baster, some trusty twine, and a can of cranberry sauce will figure heavily in the weeks to come. Although it's artificial insemination and not Thanksgiving you should prepare for.
Turns out you have no discernible talent for gardening, and that your green thumb is just a ghastly bacterial infection.
The shoe will be on the other foot this week, leading to severe discomfort, unflagging embarrassment, and a sudden spill down the living room stairs.
Soon darkness will surround you, and a deep chill will run down your spine, which makes sense, as you've forgotten to pay both your heating and electricity bills.
They say you have the kind of a face only a mother could love, but that's mainly because she feels guilty about all the drinking.
You'll struggle to find a sympathetic ear this week when the FDA lowers its recommended daily intake of your goddamn bullshit.
Someday you'll be able to look back on it all and laugh. Until then, though, it's months and months of reconstructive jaw surgery.
A caped crusader will swoop in this Thursday, order several brutes to unhand you, and become the victim of one of the worst homophobic beatings in U.S. history.
Like a beautiful rose left to wilt in the desert heat, so, too, will you become a strained and forced metaphor this week.
Earth and water magicks are strong in your sign today. Unfortunately, so are card, silk, and vanishing dove magicks.
Your crude sense of humor will offend many this week, while the amount you supposedly charge for a standard mustache ride will offend the rest.
It seems that for every step forward, you take two to the side, three back, and then trip and fall off the side of a building, hitting the fire escape several times on the way down.
Enlightenment and confusion will both be yours this week, when a tree falls in the woods only to make the sound of one hand clapping.
You'll wonder aloud if there's anything duct tape can't do, much to the horror of your fellow EMTs and the crowd that has gathered.
Wild peals of laughter will surround you this week when you're unexpectedly struck in the nuts by cancer.
What begins as a Kafkaesque ordeal, will soon turn into an Orwellian nightmare, before unexpectedly becoming a Judy Blume-ish disaster.
In a tragic twist of fate, you'll be overwhelmed this week by both a sense of fear and a pack of wolves.
New and exciting experiences help to color one's life, which explains why yours is an insipid shade of cement grey.
While no proverb currently exists to warn you of the dangers of next week's events, dozens will soon be hastily written to prevent others from suffering a similar fate.
Although many wrestle with latent homosexual urges, you're the only one the stars know who likes to oil up beforehand.
The stars will grant your heart's deepest desire this week, causing you much confusion when bags of money arrive in place of your long-lost son.
You'll soon be struck by a painful realization concerning the relative force and speed of ordinary city buses.
Satan will take the form of Excel spreadsheet cell G-14 this week and refuse to assume the proper formatting.
They say you have the kind of face only a mother could love, but that's mainly because she feels guilty about all the birth defects.
Like all Aries, you are extremely patient with others. However, if they can't come up with the money soon, kill the twins.
Strange impulses you can neither describe nor explain impel you to take your life savings, drive to Vegas, and put it all on red.
Your stress-management technique of taking long, deep breaths will prove disastrous this week when a riptide drags you underwater.
Fears of being exposed as a fraud will be realized this week when you're revealed to lack the fluid color, strong lines, and playful style of Matisse's trademark works.
God will appear to you in a dream and tell you that loving you is the part of His job He hates the most.
Years of enduring the constant, numbing pain of existence will end this week when you discover "whiskey," a magical drink that makes your problems disappear.
Sometimes in life, you have to put your fear aside and stand up for what you believe in. Thankfully for you, this isn't one of those times.
Light from the constellation Scorpio has traveled for millions of years through the interstellar void to tell you to begin a new diet this week.
You've never much cared for appearances. Still, you're beginning to wonder why everyone else is wearing a HAZMAT suit.
The little voice inside your head will be powerless to stop the barrage of Q-tips this week.
You will be plunged into despair following your realization that being an Aquarius is the most noteworthy thing about you.
You will experience little this week, except for a mild feeling of paranoia and a niggling awareness of your own insignificance. Expect the next 2,115 weeks to be the same.
Throwing a temper tantrum won't do you any good today. If you really want to go to the zoo that bad, just drive yourself.
Be sure to take a good look in the mirror this week, as you'll soon have to remember where most of that stuff used to be.
Taurus will release its own line of designer perfume in the days to come. Prepare yourself for Destiné—it's your future in a bottle.
Cigarettes will continue to take a toll on your health this week when you're traded back and forth for packs of them.
The stars apologize for last week's prediction of untold fame and fortune. They keep forgetting that you actually believe in this crap.
You'll ask the princess to marry you, disrupting the royal procession, ruining countless chicken dinners, and forcing security personnel to escort you out of Medieval Times.
Recent advances in forensic science may sound impressive, but the entire field is still years away from determining what will happen to you.
You'll fall to your knees this week and beg God for forgiveness. Then it's right back to what you were doing on your knees in the first place.
Beneath your tough exterior lies a sweet and sensitive human being. Beneath that, however, it's pretty much all tumors.
Look for a sign this week when deciding whether to stop, yield, feed the animals, or touch high-voltage power-lines.
Get ready to kick up your heels and throw your hands in the air, as that can of mace will have little to no effect.
Humiliation will be yours this week when you're replaced with a healthy variety of meatless alternatives.
The stars blah blah blah exciting life changes blah blah blah night journey over water blah blah blah it'll be born with three fingers.
While it's true that you can't outrun your past, it's catching up with your future that you should be worried about.
You'll find it difficult to point out your assailant in court next week, but that's mainly because of what he'll have done to your hands.
Have the stars told you how wonderful you've looked lately? And how great it would be if you could check in on their cats this weekend?
You've always believed women to be your one true weakness, but as it turns out, it's leaving ground forces exposed to a sudden pincer-style attack.
Banking on its growing popularity, Cancer will launch an all-new astrological spin-off starting this fall. Keep an eye out for Cancer: The College Years in weeks to come!
God will shine His divine light on you this week, instantly blinding you with His infinite carelessness.
You knew eating those hamburgers would come back to haunt you, but it's still a bit of a surprise when all the floating cows show up.
The bullet will miss your heart by several inches, which only makes sense, as it will be fired at your head.
The natives will treat your sudden appearance with a combination of suspicion and awe, but then, they've never seen anyone purchase 20 cartons of cigarettes at once.
Be sure to watch your temper, as it's about to do some pretty amazing things in the days to come.
While you'd love nothing more than to tap it, please be mindful, as the nation's Strategic Ass Reserves are at an all-time low.
Money will soon change your life in ways you couldn't possibly imagine—especially the $5,000 or so you'll owe to local loan sharks.
Remember, people like you for who you are: An incredibly insecure person willing to do almost anything for acceptance.
Sometimes success is just showing up—not as often as being the son of the company president, but sometimes.
You will soon make a comfortable living exploiting other people's deep-seated anxieties and crippling social fears.
When all is said and done, only you can make yourself feel bad. But that won't keep everyone else from trying.
Your desire to join the winning team will take you in a strange new direction when you decide to fight on the side of lung cancer.
Buy yourself some extremely long bed sheets. You'll be making an escape rope out of them very soon.
There are, in fact, good and evil twins, but a greater range of moral choices is available to you as a sextuplet.
You're not the kind of person who constantly goes around saying the sky is falling, making you ill-equipped to cope with the events of this Thursday.
Doctors caution that you cause extreme negative reactions—including rashes, vomiting, and hysteria—in women who may become pregnant.
It turns out that Andy Warhol overestimated the duration of your fame by about 14 and a half minutes.
Scientists agree that you are a unique and fascinating specimen, but there are no practical applications for you as yet.
You've made it your life's mission to find the best crab cakes in Boston. Truly, you're one of America's unsung heroes.
If you've ever regretted not pursuing a career in bullfighting, this week may bring an accidental chance to start over.
You're nearly at the end of the longest, most difficult spirit-journey of your life. Be prepared for a difficult and boring period of spirit-unpacking.
God will soon appear to you in a dream, though He'll mostly just stand in the corner and choose to watch.
Your life has always resembled something out of a movie, which explains the scrolling end credits this week.
A surprise awaits Taurus in the days to come, or whenever it is you have that physical scheduled for.
You'll be awarded the Nobel Prize For Not Paying Attention And Letting The Damn Rice Burn Again this week.
The stars will be out on vacation for the next several days. Please contact them at cancer17@gmail.com in the event of an astrological emergency.
You'll popularize a strange, but nonetheless memorable catchphrase this week after being accidentally set on fire.
Don't let your ego get in the way of important friendships this week. You're better than that. Much, much better than that.
You've always said there's nothing a little bit of sun couldn't cure, leading to your eventual death from both diabetes and skin cancer.
Tension mounts this week when interrogators crank the wooden vice another three and a half turns.
All of the evidence will soon point to you, as will all of the witnesses, each and every one of the jurors, and most of the screaming chimpanzees.
You'll finally experience true and unconditional love this week, thanks to a partially open window shade.
The stars indicate that you have no impulse control, which explains why you're already on the other side of the room eating cake.
You may not be a marine biologist, or some leading whale expert, but you're pretty sure that's a blowhole you got there.
While you've always known sapphire to be your birth stone, you'll soon discover granite to be your death stone.
Four will be killed, 12 injured, and nearly 50 molested this week after your subconscious escapes free.
Will you finally get that big job promotion? Is whirlwind romance in the cards for you? Tune in to Taurus next week for all the answers and more!
The training wheels will soon come off your bike, as will both regular wheels, the front and back brakes, each handlebar, and finally, you.
Red-bellied trout are known for traveling halfway across the country in search of a mate, but it's still a bit of a surprise when hundreds of them arrive at your doorstep.
Don't be afraid to ask loved ones for help this week. After all, they expect nothing less from a fuck-up like you.
You always knew the day would come when the machines would rise up and take over the world, but never did you imagine it'd be so convenient.
After years of quiet introspection, you'll finally come out of your shell this week, disgusting everyone with your squirming, mucous-covered flesh.
More and more, you're beginning to suspect you're just around to help move the plot forward.
Remember to count your blessings this week, as it's the last time you'll be able to perform mental arithmetic for months to come.
You'll soon owe the local police chief, resident fire marshal, and head zookeeper a rather large apology.
Despite their best efforts, rescue workers will fail to pull you out from beneath hundreds of pounds of stored fat this week.
The stars indicate that—hoo, boy—that's definitely going to hurt.
You'll soon spot your very first white hair, an incredible feat considering the thickness of your cataracts.
It will hit you like a ton of bricks this week, which is misleading, as "it" is actually two tons of bricks.
Things are about to get hairy for Taurus, as well as bloody, and possibly gross. But then, that's puberty.
If you knew what was coming, you wouldn't be wasting valuable time reading your horoscope.
The look on your face will be priceless this week, but due to the core temperature of molten steel, it won't last very long.
Catch all the exciting predictions, amazing revelations, and out-of-this-world prophecies in Leo IV: Revenge Of The Zodiac.
Don't let other people get you down. They have a lot more important things they could be doing right now.
Lately it may seem as if you're losing your mind, but don't worry: There's microwaves for every laughter and plaster wolverine.
You'll soon have a hit country music song on your hands, no matter how many times you try to scrub it off.
Everyone laughed when you fell down the stairs, but the joke will be on them this week, when it's revealed you were pregnant at the time.
You'll soon meet your maker, which, according to your model number and serial code, is the Globotech Corporation.
The stars indicate financial success, new romantic interests, and complete spiritual fulfillment this week. There, are you happy now?
The ladies all think you're a sex god, but unfortunately for you, they're still not buying the whole immaculate conception excuse.
Turns out the police officer is actually a male dancer, and that flushing all those drugs wasn't necessary.
Palm-reading has long been used to foretell the future, but it won't really be an option for Aries after this Thursday.
The good news is that all that blood is actually ketchup. The bad news, however, is that all that ketchup is actually blood.
Yes, there's something growing inside of you, and yes, it's going to completely change your life, but nine months is being optimistic to say the least.
Your lucky numbers for this week are: 812, √3/14, 0.0000085, and π.
Smoking will finally kill you, but not in the way you or any of the other gas station attendants will see coming.
When attracting a mate this week, emit several high-pitched calls, display your tail plumage in a colorful fan, and avoid getting arrested by horrified zoo officials.
True beauty lies not on the surface, but deep within. Claw away at flesh and bone until you find it.
The natives will scream, and dance, and raise their fists in the air. But then, it's not everyday you win big at video poker.
Remember: Nobody said it was going to be a piece of cake. Or a walk in the park. Or what the hell they were even talking about in the first place.
Let the rhythmic lapping of the sea put your mind at ease this week—no matter how loud the shrieks for help seem to get.
Raising a family can feel like a circus act at times, especially the part where you whip your children back into their cages.
Due to a scheduling conflict, we now join this week's astrological prediction already in progress
Having a rusty spigot forcibly implanted in your abdomen might hurt, but you'll soon come to appreciate the convenience.
Though you are a vindictive, cruel, and miserable son of a bitch, you will be rewarded with great happiness and good fortune this week. This is just how the universe works.
Try as you might, you will be unable to convince the judge that the big jewel heist was all the monkey's idea.
Joy and meaning will return to your life this week when you discover a wondrous and magical substance your dealer calls "Angel Dust."
The inaccuracy of your last 17 horoscopes finally leads you to a inescapable conclusion: You are actually a Libra.
Late summer is a good time for you to step back and take stock of your life. Coincidentally, early fall is a good time to explore dignified methods of suicide.
It's been a good life, but you always knew the day would come when the owls would finally catch up with you.
Your wildest dreams are about to come true, much to the horror of your high-school gym teacher, several large pumpkins, and a pair of bedroom handcuffs.
You'll laugh in the face of danger this week, but in a way where it'll be obvious you're just masking your fear.
Remember: Crying in public doesn't make you any less of a man. It does, however, make you more of a woman.
Wanton murder, scorching betrayal, and a love that knows no bounds will soon mark the end of your third and final act.
Being in a relationship means having to make certain sacrifices. Keep slaying those goats to prevent your wife from leaving you.
Next week, you will suffer a broken heart, or whatever it is you call it when all your aortic valves tear loose at once.
Your life will lose all meaning this week when you're carelessly translated into Chinese Mandarin.
They say that a little hard work and perseverance never killed anyone, but you and your trusty knife are about to prove them wrong.
Fate has something special in store for Taurus this week, though to be fair, that's not what the other kids will call him.
Remember: It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye. Then, it's a challenging scavenger hunt.
You'll awake to find a complete stranger in your bed this week, but then it's been years since you last recognized your wife.
Friends will soon think of you every time a gasoline truck crashes into the side of a burning building.
The stars indicate that they have your new astrological prediction right here. Yeah, come and get it, hot stuff.
Police officials will quickly rule you out as a suspect in the Case Of The Recently Showered Burglar.
Nothing can replace the bliss and euphoria of a runner's high. Still, lugging around all that vodka is really starting to slow you down.
By the end of the week, you'll be the nation's foremost expert on muskrat attacks, industrial glue mishaps, and rare Egyptian curses.
Bringing a child into the world might seem cruel to you, but you're going to have to let him out of the basement at some point.
You'll set a new record for most meatball sandwiches consumed in an hour, or at least you would have, had you waited for the judges to arrive.
Don't let anyone call you a coward this week. Unless, of course, they happen to be much bigger than you.
Personal growth, financial success, and romantic fulfillment await you in the coming year. As does wishful thinking.
You'll lean on friends and family members this week, slowly drowning all of them when your boat capsizes.
Turns out it's not the ability to reason that separates us from the animals, but rather a very thin, very flimsy wire fence.
Love can move mountains and part the seas, but this week it'll be mainly used to terrorize women.
Your biggest enemy is yourself. Smash him over the head with a large frying pan when he's not looking.
The important thing is that you tried. Not that you failed. Which you did. Though that's not important. No, the fact that you failed is not important at all.
You'll draw a line in the sand this week, followed by two other lines, a large half-circle and several small curlicues. At this point, people will call you disgusting.
Remember: When people say that children are our future, they're talking about much healthier infants than yours.
You've always had a funny way of showing affection, which is unfortunate, as your wife's getting pretty tired of all the pies in the face.
A lump in your left breast will soon confirm what you've long feared: You have breasts now.
Life will sneak up on you when you least expect it this week, knock you unconscious with a baseball bat, and drag your motionless body into a nearby alleyway.
If only those jerks from high school could see you now. Too bad you're still completely invisible to most of them.
Your failure to follow last week's horoscope has resulted in the loss of thousands of innocent lives.
Getting old is never easy, but take heart, help will soon be on its way.
You'll finally get a taste of your own medicine this week, which is unfortunate, as you're the nation's leading supplier of horse laxatives.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, indicate that you have something on your shirt. Also the stars indicate that you always fall for that one.
Regret will be yours this week when you're forced to choose between a slice of cherry pie and everlasting life.
They say there's plenty of fish in the sea, but everything you catch is either covered in scales, has concentrated levels of mercury, or suffers from deep-seated abandonment issues.
After years of being an emotionless drone, you'll finally break down and cry this week, instantly rusting your metal hinges and joints.
You've always wondered what kind of father you'd be. Now with the children out of the way, you'll have plenty of time to figure it out.
Remember: A penny saved is a harsh and unflattering reputation earned.
Onlookers will be moved by your quiet dignity, inner strength, and unflinching resolve. Then, your pants will fall down.
You're not the type of person who takes things personally, making it very hard for friends to openly insult you.
The green-eyed monster will rear its ugly head this week, flash a knowing smile, and return to making love to your former wife.
You'll allow your children to pick out a dog of their choosing. Unfortunately, you'll do this at the betting track.
Decades of trying to make sense of the world will come to an embarrassing end this week when you realize you've been staring at the damn thing upside-down.
There's more to life than money and material possessions. Keep reminding yourself of this for the next 20 miserable years.
The stars predict devastating floods, crushing famines, and the rise of a blood-soaked moon in the night's sky. But enough about your mom.
Clear and open communication is the key to a successful marriage. Signal to your wife that you love her using the semaphoric alphabet.
Remember: While resorting to violence is never the answer, starting off with violence almost always is.
You'll rue the day all that delicious ice cream was delivered to your home, proving once and for all that you don't know what "rue" means.
Lately it seems like you can't say anything without people getting hurt. Don't be alarmed: You're just a terrible hostage negotiator.
Animal rights activists will call your method of killing livestock "cruel" and "inhumane," but then that's what you get for sending poultry to the electric chair.
Love is like a butterfly. Hold it too tight and you'll crush it. Hold it too loose and it'll end up fucking your best friend.
Your cold and hardened exterior will finally crack this week, but not before the jackhammers, pneumatic drills and Freudian psychoanalysts are called in to help.
Fire and water magicks are strong in your sign this week, though unfortunately for you, not at the same time.
You can kick and scream and flail around all you want, but it's not going to change the fact that you never learned how to dance.
Avoid any and all mirrors, reflecting pools of water, and photographic cameras this week. Trust the stars on this one.
You'll be the victim of a gypsy curse this week when a Romanian villager points at your head, closes her bright green eyes, and calls you a "fucking asshole."
It's human nature to fear the unknown. Then again, you'd probably be twice as scared if you knew what that lump actually was.
You'll feel like a million bucks this week when security guards escort you across town, unload you from the back of an armored truck, and lock you deep inside a bank vault.
Life as you know it will cease to exist, which, considering how you spend your time, can only be a good thing.
You'll work your special brand of magic on a group of attractive women, instantly boring them with a series of card tricks and linking rings.
The rise of Uranus in your sign indicates great loss and misfortune, but you'll be too busy giggling to yourself to really notice.
Surprises await Leo around every corner, down several long stretches of highway, and over one rather bumpy off-ramp this week.
Like Dr. Doolittle, you've always been able to talk to the animals. Unfortunately, this has more to do with your crippling loneliness than any special talent or gift.
You'll be green with envy this week, before becoming red with anger, blue with sorrow, and finally purple with complete lack of oxygen.
Shame will be yours this week when you discover that not only were you conceived in the back of your parent's Buick, but that it was filled with a dozen test tubes at the time.
Avoiding personal questions may be one thing, but throwing down a series of smoke bombs and escaping in the ensuing chaos is just plain rude.
By the end of the week, you'll have only one arm, three toes, and four teeth left with which to learn from your mistakes.
Little boys and girls will continue to ask you where babies come from, baffling everyone with how they're getting into your apartment.
Despite the promise of a new car, an all-expense-paid trip to Greece, and a four-piece living room set, you'll once again go for the box with the question mark on it.
You'll have your very own line of cologne just as soon as scientists find a way to bottle the stench of defeat.
They say that someone with half a brain could do your job, which is good news considering next week's debilitating stroke.
God may have a divine plan for you, but after the coal mine disaster and the tour bus fire, you're beginning to suspect He's just making it up along the way.
You'll be reduced to a fraction of your former self this week when both your numerator and denominator are divided by 12.
Prom can be the most memorable night in a young girl's life. However, if the barbiturates do their job, she should still have trouble identifying you the next morning.
You've never been the athletic type, so it's a bit of a surprise when you're suddenly struck with a dozen errant javelins.
Dogs and their owners will often begin to look alike after years of living together, though it's hard to tell with your face inside that bowl half the time.
You're about to undergo a deeply religious experience. Unfortunately for you, it's the kind that involves being alienated, persecuted, and finally crucified.
The stars indicate that this is a good week to jump around as if on fire, seduce a species of rare crayfish, and find a new astrologist.
You and your partner will once again argue over money in bed, but then that's what you get for not agreeing to a price beforehand.
There's no worse fate than dying alone. Thankfully, you'll be surrounded by hundreds of airline passengers when it happens.
You'll scream until you're blue in the face this week, which only makes sense, as you're screaming for the national independence of greater Scotland.
Remember: Just because they haven't found the bodies yet doesn't make it a victimless crime.
No matter how much time may pass or how many years may go by, you'll always be 12-years-old emotionally.
You're not the type of person who gives up easily, forcing SWAT team officers to burst in through the skylight and aim for the head.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, indicate that your entire future can be summed up in pretty much 20 words.
Paramedics will find you lying unconscious in the middle of the street, but not before putting the ambulance in reverse and running over you for a second time.
The secret to happiness will finally be yours this week, instantly making you miserable for not guessing it sooner.
Scientists will discover a new substance more dense than uranium and plutonium combined, at which point you'll kindly ask that they leave your home.
You'll finally catch the great white whale this week, only to realize the damned thing is just a metaphor.
Though last Tuesday may not have seemed like much to you, trust us: It was the best day of your life.
When offered a raise at work this week, smile politely, thank them kindly, and back out of the room with the dynamite still strapped to your chest.
Your name, photo, and date of birth will soon figure prominently in your city's fight against teenage pregnancy.
You're a one-of-a-kind being, unique in the Universe and the most beloved in all Creation. Now then, can Capricorn borrow 10 bucks?
Events following your gory beheading will prove that Broadway can make a musical out of anything.
It may just be a game to you, some silly and carefree diversion, but come on now—people are trying to play Parcheesi here.
A combination of hubris, treachery, and everyday low prices will soon mark the end of your reign as Mattress King.
There's nothing quite like the love of a real woman. Then again, if the plaster sets properly and the paint dries evenly, you'll have the next best thing.
The answer you've been searching for lies right in front of your face, though it's difficult to make out with all that cheesecake in the way.
You didn't get into plumbing for the fame, the fortune, or the women. But one severely backed-up toilet will soon change all of that.
Turns out beauty marks are smaller than a grapefruit in size, are generally symmetrical in shape, and don't grow at the base of one's brain.
You'll fail to find happiness at the bottom of a bottle this week, but by that point you'll be too drunk to really care.
All of your sins will come back to haunt you— especially those involving boomerangs, tether-balls, and vengeful homing pigeons.
Your financial situation takes a turn for the worse this week when that damn quarter slips loose and falls behind a sofa cushion.
Sometimes the truth can be difficult to hear. Thankfully, a battery-operated megaphone will make your past failures crystal clear.
Yelling "shark" and running around in a panic will only get you hurt, especially if you keep doing it at shady pool halls.
Your attempt to vandalize a series of 16th-century paintings will fail this week, since most already feature handlebar mustaches, wispy goatees, and racial epithets aimed at the Jews.
No amount of rope can hold you back. Unless, of course, it's suspended from the ceiling of a middle-school gym.
After everything is said and done, you'll continue to prattle on like a fucking idiot.
The party hats and streamers may seem a bit excessive, but it's not everyday that people get to celebrate your impending death.
Jealousy, suspicion, and utter confusion will be yours this week when you find yourself at the center of a bizarre love rhombus.
The mere mention of your name strikes fear and terror in the hearts of men, though that's mainly because it's so difficult to pronounce.
The stars foresee a great number of failures, setbacks and letdowns in your future, but then pretty much anyone could have told you that.
Smuggling cocaine across the border is a delicate art. Next time try stashing it inside a stuffed animal instead of a live one.
Action and adventure await you this Thursday, though not before hours of pointless exposition and predictable plot twists.
Your claims that you can't do nothing right are incorrect. What you mean you to say is "can't do anything right."
While it's true that your marriage isn't dead yet, the circling vultures and lurking coyotes can't be a good sign.
Turns out it's neither the heat nor the humidity, but rather a foot-long meatball sub that will cause all the sweating.
Lately it feels like you're living a lie, which would explain the part about winning the pie-eating contest, swimming in shark infested waters, and having sex with women.
You will drink from the well of wisdom this week, instantly learning all there is to know about contracting dysentery.
Your flawless table manners, impeccable hygiene, and extensive vocabulary may seem strange to some, but then they've never met anyone raised by the Wolffs before.
Remember: Anything can be accomplished with enough grit, determination, and cups of black coffee.
It's often said that the older a person gets the wiser he becomes. Unfortunately, you're still young enough to believe in that junk.
This coming week is a good time for Aries to explore different career options, which, with your skill set, should leave Tuesday through Sunday wide open.
After experiencing the steep drops, abrupt climbs, and out-of-control spins of a roller coaster this week, you'll finally see why your therapist so often invokes them in characterizing your mental states.
While it's often understood that racism, by nature, is borne of ignorance, your claim that the Irish control the media will still seem particularly uneducated this week.
Your tendency to see the worst in every situation will rob you of any pleasure you might have otherwise derived from next Thursday's biological outbreak.
Tomorrow will be the perfect day to curl up in bed with a good book and sob hysterically about how you never learned to read.
So ashamed will you be about falling down the stairs that you'll lie to friends and family, telling them instead that your husband beat you.
While experimenting with sex is perfectly normal for someone your age, experimenting with the many varieties of electrical currents and diode clamps is not.
You'll still be able to count the number of times you've suffered a woodshop accident on one hand, although it'll take a little more ingenuity and creativity than before.
When carrying out a book-burning, first stoke the fire with smaller, lighter works from Austen and Waugh, before throwing on the heavier hardbacks of Tolstoy and Joyce.
They've taken to calling you a broken man, defeated, beaten, dispirited, hopeless—but then they have access to a thesaurus.
Your therapist will insist that childhood trauma is the cause of your unusual behavior, but it's only recently that you've started screaming for candy.
By the time you manage to get the bear suit off, it will have been too late.
Like a fine wine, you get better with age. Also like wine, you tend to get abused by raging alcoholics.
A magical night beneath the stars awaits you this Thursday. Unfortunately for you, they're John Goodman, French Stewart and Artie Lang.
All of your money problems will disappear this week when a large safe falls out of a nearby window, crushing your creditors at once.
They may make your heart race and your knees tremble, but remember: Women are just as scared of you as you are of them.
The streets will run red with the blood of the innocent and the pure this week—so relax, you have absolutely nothing to worry about.
The moon in your sign indicates financial success in the coming days. The moon in your rear-view mirror, however, indicates those damn teens are at it again.
Luck will be yours this week when a rapidly overflowing toilet nets you over 20 million dollars in black market heroin.
Never in a million years did you think you'd end up as a successful trial lawyer, but it's still a bit of a surprise when you don't.
Despite frantic efforts to retrieve it, your antipsychotic medication will be swept away by a shrieking river of lava once again this week.
Your mother always said she wasn't made of money, but you and your local blood donor clinic are going to prove her wrong.
Look to the Bible for the answer to your problems this week, or any other heavy book you can use to kill spiders.
You claim to be more of a lover than a fighter, which is strange, considering the last 15 years of your marriage.
It's difficult to know who to trust in life. Then again, the guy with the horns and the hooves should have been a no-brainer.
The lifetime supply of Twinkies you won in that contest turns out to be only half a box, indicating that the Hostess corporation knows something you don't.
Your water will break while watching a performance of The Marriage Of Figaro, causing you great surprise, as you are not pregnant, female, or interested in opera.
Everyone will be talking about your wonderful personality and kind nature next week, which is customary at funerals.
You will combine a pair of novelty underpants and your considerable ventriloquism skills to give a certain special lady the worst first date of her life.
The stars indicate that they know very well who ate the last of the cottage cheese and would appreciate you replacing it, thank you.
The little black dress is an instant sophisticator—slimming, elegant, and timeless—but you'd be better off going with something flame-resistant this weekend.
After six weeks, you still haven't figured out how Jonah got so much done inside one of these things.
A team of FDA physicians and researchers will soon come out with a 45-page, item-by-item recall of everything you've eaten in the past six months.
Remember: Just because you read it in a book doesn't mean it's true. There's no such thing as a "John Updike."
You will die of dehydration and malnutrition next week, shortly after hitting the snooze button for the 234,734th time.
Just because the ambulances go by at high speeds does not mean they want to race you.
The nation is stunned by Amelia Earhart's miraculous return, especially when she knees you in the groin and shouts, "Thanks for nothing."
Your admirable decision to lead a life of honesty and moral rectitude will bring your career in advertising to a sudden and drastic end.
Be careful what you wish for. A simple request to be set on fire might come back to haunt you.
Your fear of heights worsens this week when the vertical measurement calls you at home, breathes heavily into the receiver, and threatens to murder your loved ones in their sleep.
The human mind is capable of wondrous feats of creativity and imagination, but all you'll come up with next week is "Me no speak-a English."
Remember: Nobody is perfect. Whatever you lack in talent and ability, you more than make up for in well-timed excuses.
You'll have a lot of explaining to do this week when the mathematical constant W is somehow reduced to an irrational decimal, leaving x and y unbalanced on the other side of the equation.
The loss of a child is never easy, especially when the resourceful little pest keeps managing to find his way back home.
You're about to embark on an incredible life-changing experience—one involving the collapsing of your lungs, the expansion of your heart, and the rapid evacuation of your bowels.
A man's home is his castle. This week prepare to have your castle stormed by a marauding horde of phone bills.
People say you have one of the biggest egos in the world, but what they probably mean is best—one of the best egos in the world.
You'll soon become a pawn in a deadly game of treachery and deceit, which is too bad, as you'd rather be one of those jumping horsey-guys instead.
Your hunger for knowledge is second to none. Unfortunately, you tend to regurgitate everything right back up again.
The stars foresee a time of great financial security and emotional fulfillment. Also, the stars foresee the start of National Lie In Order To Make People Feel Better About Themselves Week.
It's amazing what a difference a little hard work and perseverance can make. Or at least, that's what you heard.
Lady Luck will be on your side this week. Unfortunately for you, Lady Skill, Lady Experience, and Lady Applied Probability Theory won't.
Coughing up blood is usually a sign of serious illness, but in your case it just means you're drinking it too fast.
It's difficult to imagine what life would be like without your family, which is why you'll resort to a series of detailed sketches, diagrams, and plans.
Earth and water magicks are strong in Gemini this week. Prepare to lose everything you own in a devastating mudslide.
You'll soon be transformed into a half-man, half-wolf monstrosity—bringing you one step closer to becoming a full-fledged human.
A wise man once said, "To err is human; to forgive divine." But it's the fact that he charged for the advice that made him shrewd.
You'll lose your childlike innocence this Thursday, and, after pleading guilty to a number of charges, your adult-like innocence as well.
A healthy relationship is all about compromise, or at least that's what you'll agree to in order to get your partner off your back.
Your amusing hospital jig will make all the patients smile, but that's only because they'll realize that dying of cancer isn't the most dehumanizing thing on earth.
The stars indicate that you can receive your personalized horoscope reading in Spanish by pressing 3 now.
Maturity is often linked with a greater sense of responsibility, but you'll have to settle for a thick outer skin and deep yellow color.
They can take away your house, and they can take away your car, but they'll never take away your dignity. Probably because it isn't worth very much.
While you've always believed in life after death, it's the possibility of life before death you're beginning to wonder about.
She may only be a distant cousin of yours, but you'll still feel immense guilt after spending the night with a lower-order primate this week.
The stars hate to be the bearer of bad news, which is why they've decided to wait for the telegram, the somber representative, and the lifetime supply of Jiffy Pop to arrive instead.
You couldn't have done it without the encouragement and assistance of your college professor, which is too bad, since "it" refers to getting pregnant and dropping out of school.
A team of surgeons will be forced to amputate your leg this Thursday in order to keep themselves from getting bored.
While there's something to be said for devoting your life to your job, you're beginning to suspect it mostly involves swearing.
You'll feel like a fish out of water this week when a group of large men drag you onto the bow of their boat, remove the steel hook from your jaw, and strike you in the back of the head with a hammer.
They may think they have you beat, but soon the tables will turn, sending their Scrabble board and all of its wooden tiles onto the floor.
You'll dive into frigid waters to save the life of a complete stranger this week. Unfortunately for you, he'll end up just being your brother.
Remember: Those who can't do, teach. And those who can't teach just keep repeating the same tired maxim over and over again.
City officials will name a public holiday in your honor this week, making May 9th forever Aw, Who The Hell Cares Who We Give These Things Out To Anymore Day.
A mob of torch-wielding villagers will soon gather outside your home, which is odd, as you don't remember inviting a mob of torch-wielding villagers over.
Goodwill and cheer will cause your heart to swell to three times its normal size this week, only to explode minutes later, spreading festive joy all over your respiratory system.
You'll soon have no other choice but to pick up the pieces of your wife and move on.
After weeks spent trying to make meaningful human contact, you'll settle for rubbing up against random strangers on the subway this week.
Your life story will soon be adapted in a hit Broadway play, though a lot of the over-the-top singing and dancing will have to be cut out in order to fit the stage.
What others think of you is a constant source of worry, so take heart in knowing that they rarely ever do.
The coming week will be influenced by forces outside your control, namely gravity, linear momentum, and high velocity friction.
Balancing work and family is never easy, but with looming deadlines and daily staff meetings—well, it's just—what the hell do you expect from us, Margaret?
You will soon leave your body to science, though unfortunately for you, it's the type of science that studies the effects of being repeatedly set on fire.
The stars indicate that it's important to take risks in life. Also, the stars indicate that by reading this horoscope you automatically absolve them of any liability should serious injury or death occur as a result of those risks.
Like the beetle that lays its eggs atop a mound of dung, so too will you hand in months of hard work to your supervisor this week.
Your hands will be covered in blood this Thursday, as will your clothes, and all of your walls. Then again, painting is always a little bit messy.
They say you have the grace of a dancer and the agility of a world-class gymnast. After that, though, it's usually just a bunch of mean-spirited laughter.
The strange men in lab coats, aggravated by your resistance, will turn the dial to 60 volts. They will then repeat their question for the last time.
Your lucky compound modifiers for this week are: long-term, hard-fought and military-history.
Though a number of instructional tools already exist, physicists will recommend using your fat ass whenever the concept of inertia is taught in high school classrooms.
You're not the type of person who needs constant validation to feel good about yourself, which is good news, considering the next 50 years or so.
This week's full moon will turn you into a crazed, ferocious and out-of-control monster, but that's only because it'll happen to coincide with your period.
While it's true that taking drugs won't make your problems go away, nobody ever said anything about selling drugs.
Advances in nanotechnology will soon make it possible for man to travel inside the human body. Until then, however, it's just you and your pinky finger.
Thanks to Pavlovian conditioning and a rather unexpected string of neighborhood accidents, you'll soon salivate every time an ice-cream truck runs over a puppy.
Now that the hard part is over, all you have to do is sit back, relax, and hope that San Diego Zoo officials don't notice the uncanny physical resemblance.
The rise of Jupiter in the eastern sky can only mean one thing—but you'll still insist on making the whole thing apply to your love life.
The world's greatest poets will gather to write about your unique beauty this week, only to give up hours later, after failing to find a rhyme for "eczema."
The stars indicate that there's going to be this really sick party on Friday, with all sorts of booze and beer, and, oh yeah, Jessica is totally going to be there.
You will soon achieve a kind of immortality. Unfortunately for you, it's the kind that involves being hooked up to an emergency room respirator for the rest of eternity.
Your money problems will only worsen this week when cashiers demand to know why there's a top-hatted magnate in the center of all your multi-colored bills.
It's amazing the kind of things children will believe when presented with a phony death certificate bearing their mother's name.
It's not so much the blood that will make you sick, or the broken bones, or even the spine tingling shrieks of pain. It's the fact that you decided to rent Bloodsport for a second time.
Friends and family members will soon gather to mark an important occasion in your life, though you won't really be around to enjoy it.
You never thought you had a sensitive side, but the fist-sized boils down the right half of your body will soon change your mind.
No one will want to talk about the 800-pound elephant in the room. Still, whoever has been feeding him cheap take-out seriously needs to stop.
Finding just the right words to express your feelings is often difficult, which is why you'll ultimately settle on a series of obscene hand gestures.
It's not so much your drinking that will drive loved ones away, but your tendency to operate chainsaws, nail-guns and other industrial power tools while intoxicated.
It's true that God created you in His likeness. Unfortunately for you, God was feeling particularly shitty about Himself that day.
You've always been afraid of having children, but worry not: That thing inside your uterus will bear little resemblance to an actual infant.
The human body is made up of 70 percent water, which helps to explain the sound you'll make after hitting the pavement this week.
By the time rescue workers reach you this week, not only will you have eaten all of your fellow passengers, but moved on to some of the food they had brought along as well.
You'll finally get the mounted deer head you've always wanted, though watching the poor creature try to pull itself free from your wall will take some getting used to.
A passing stranger will steal your heart this week, and after a few too many drinks have been consumed, your kidney as well.
There are some things in life science can't explain, but sadly, why your wife left you and your children refuse to call isn't one of them.
The stars indicate this is a good week to try new and exciting experiences. See what happens when you consume a second, larger meatball sandwich.
They say it's easier to tear something down than it is to build it up, but then that's just some stupid bullshit that can go straight to hell.
It's great that you've been treating your body like a temple, but maybe you should try switching to a faith that doesn't worship mayonnaise quite so much.
The brown-throated sloth often emits a loud, shrill screech during mating season, which explains why so many of them will gather at your recital next week.
Your new scientific invention won't save any lives, but then that's not why you built the Cancer-Filled-Syringe in the first place.
While you believe it to be the gentlemanly thing to do, opening trap doors for women actually makes you a giant asshole.
The stars foresee church bells in your future, though they'll have less to do with an upcoming wedding, and more to do with you being a hunchbacked monster.
You've never been very good with technology, making this week's unstoppable killing machine especially difficult for you to handle.
The strange men in lab coats will continue to refuse your desperate and agonizing pleas for water this week.
Creative fulfillment will finally be yours this Thursday when the ping-pong ball bounces off the wall, ricochets over the pool table, and lands squarely inside that red plastic cup.
You will soon take a number of mysterious secrets to your grave, the largest of which will be how family members will afford to pay for your funeral.
It might not be today, and it might not be tomorrow, but you'll soon come to regret staging a pie-eating contest to choose a new nanny.
You will scream the name of a loved one from the rooftops this week. Unfortunately for you, she'll still refuse to let you back into the apartment.
Every time one door closes another door always opens. However, note that the stars said "door" and not "padlocked iron gate."
The ravages of age continue to wreak havoc on your body. Either that or all the Indian food.
You will awake to find a newborn infant on your doorstep, which isn't surprising, as that's where you left him the night before.
The stars indicate this is a good week to get your life in order, making you glad you don't believe in all that astrology crap.
Your first time will feel like fireworks. Unfortunately for you, they're the kind that accidentally set off in your hands and leave you disfigured for decades to come.
While no man controls his own destiny, a little self-restraint might keep you from ending up inside that bakery three nights a week.
Your tendency to gamble will result in you losing your house, your car, and your family. Although it's infidelity and not betting that will be to blame.
People claim that age is nothing more than a state of mind, making this week's stroke revealing on a couple of different levels.
You may be invisible to those around you, but remember: It's not the type of invisible that lets you have sex with unsuspecting and bewildered women.
Strong eye contact and a firm handshake will help you to make significant strides in the world of being a humongous prick this week.
A wise man once said that the only thing that fails to change is the fact that nothing ever stays the same. However, this was before he realized how stupid it sounded.
Avoid making any important decisions this week. And, come to think of it, next week as well. In fact, assume this to always be the case unless the stars tell you otherwise.
They say you have a face for radio, but what they don't mention is that your massive harelip would probably keep you off most professional stations.
Women often claim that a sense of humor is the most important trait in a prospective partner. Sadly, yours is not good enough to realize that they're only joking.
Attempts at self-medicating with alcohol will once again completely fail to treat your rampant alcoholism.
The stars were going to warn you about next Friday, but they've decided it would be funnier if you found out about the goats yourself.
You'll finally lose your virginity this week, though unfortunately for you, it will be to an active volcano.
They say no news is good news, but you're beginning to suspect there's a reason why those doctors keep avoiding your calls.
Embarrassment will be yours this week when you're caught peeking over someone's shoulder during an important test. The fact that it's a urine test also won't help.
Your interest in temporal paradoxes ends almost before it begins this week, which considering the subject matter, is strangely fitting.
Exposure to bursts of gamma radiation will soon leave you with the tumor-growing ability of 10 regular men.
You've always believed yourself to be filled with self-hatred, but as it turns out you're actually filled with half self-hatred, half triple-fudge ice cream.
While you admit you've made some mistakes in the past, the clockwork regularity and strangely detached manner in which you do so is really starting to freak people out.
Your health will continue to decline this week due to your tendency to catch every little sniffle, cough, and axe that comes your way.
Due to a series of budgetary cutbacks, your horoscope will be the same as Virgo's until further notice.
Remember: A man is often known by the company he keeps. Take immediate action to shut down Wanton Bigotry, Inc.
Your grisly death beneath a pile of cinnamon rolls this week will prove true one of Nostradamus' least likely prophecies.
You've always been the type to tackle a problem head-on, which is unfortunate, as your problem today involves a bulldozer.
Life will become needlessly complicated this Thursday when you purchase half as many apples as Cindy, but twice as many oranges as Charles and Cory combined.
The universe has a funny way of balancing things out. Prepare to lose your other eye by the end of the month.
While you're relieved to hear that the test results were negative, the mile-wide skywriting does seem a little excessive.
No amount of crying will bring your mother back, which is embarrassing, as she's still alive and you're now a sophomore in college.
You will inspire a new Zen riddle this week when a tree falls on top of you in the woods and there's no one around to hear all the screaming.
Animal rights activists will accuse you of cruel and inhumane conduct, even though the chicken is already dead, and that's just the way you eat wings.
There comes a time in every man's life when he's forced to admit that he has failed. For you that time is known as "Tuesdays."
While you've always worried about the voices inside your head, it's listening to those outside of it that will get you in trouble this week.
Steve Jobs will have limited interest in your prototype of a new iPod that holds up to four songs, yet fits comfortably inside an ordinary dump truck.
You've always believed that what two consenting adults do behind closed doors is none of your business, but that was before they locked themselves inside your bathroom.
Childbirth is both an incredible and beautiful experience. Keep telling yourself that for the next 17 hours or so.
You will feel truly and wonderfully alive this Wednesday, which is ironic considering what will happen to you this Thursday.
Romance will bloom all around you today. Unfortunately, it'll resemble the sickening explosion of fungus more than the fragrant awakening of spring.
Losing a limb can be a trying and traumatic experience, but you'll be an expert at it by the end of the week.
Those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it, which explains why you keep trying to invade Russia during the summer of 1941.
You'll soon leave your own personal mark on the world, at least until emergency crews have time to arrive and hose it off.
All of your money problems will be solved this week when you realize that those large piles of "cash" can be exchanged for goods and services.
It's a filthy habit and you should really know better at your age. Then again, there's something to be said for the convenience of diapers.
The stars indicate that this is a good week to spend surrounded by loved ones, especially your father, and especially before Thursday.
You claim to be more of a leader than a follower, but that's only because you've heard other people say the same thing before.
All of those hurtful mother-in-law jokes will come back to haunt you this Friday when you suddenly run out of hurtful mother-in-law jokes to tell.
The "smoking monkey" gag is a comedy classic, but that was before he started trying to bum cigarettes from you.
You will suffer the greatest humiliation of your life this week when community leaders decide to tear you down for being an eyesore.
Love can make a person do all sorts of weird and crazy things, but in your case, it'll mostly involve showering.
The Grim Reaper himself will visit you this evening, but much to your dismay, all he really wants is to borrow another 20 dollars.
You wouldn't have taught the cockatoo half those phrases had you known he'd someday testify against you.
Doctors will diagnose you with a new strain of tuberculosis this week, or "Poor Unsuspecting Bastard's Disease" as it'll come to be known.
The stars warn of physical danger for Taurus in the coming days, which considering the shape you’re in, probably means bending over to pick up a sock.
You’ve never been a very detail-oriented person. Still, you’re pretty sure those antlers weren’t there last week.
While the bible in your breast pocket will stop the first bullet, the Penthouse in front of your face will let the next dozen or so straight through.
Your method of smuggling drugs across the border might seem more risqué were the drugs not perfectly legal, available over the counter, and produced in suppository form.
Ants are known for being hard-working and diligent, but you'll still be surprised when 5,000 of them drag you out of bed on a Sunday.
Disaster will strike when you least expect it this week. Unfortunately, it’ll also strike when you most expect it this week.
Cries of pleasure and ecstasy will fill your bedroom this Thursday, forcing you to bang on your ceiling with the end of a broomstick.
They say you’re only as old as you feel, which helps explain why you passed away four years ago.
You'll finally enter the record books this Thursday, though unfortunately for you, they're the ones used to keep track of inventory costs and showroom sales.
Your indecisive nature is both a blessing and a curse, or at least that's the only conclusion you've so far been able to reach.
Yes, you'll get the girl in the end, but by that time, she'll be twice divorced, have lost much of her figure, and be buried at a nearby cemetery.
Prepare yourself for a year of incredible achievement and success. Do this by ignoring the first 11 months, three weeks, and four days.
They say having a child changes everything, but you and your drinking problem are about to prove them wrong.
The answer to life's greatest mystery will be revealed this week, making you wish someone had told you what the question was.
It's not putting women on a pedestal that's the problem, it's the fact that you keep them chained there, for your pleasure, and against their will.
A fork in the road will present you with two possible paths in life, though to be fair, only one will be accessible by wheelchair.
You said you wouldn't let the money change you, that you'd always remain the same, but look at you now, Mr. $17.50.
Embarrassment will be yours this week when all of your most awkward and shameful moments are released straight to DVD.
Sure, the whole thing was a huge mistake, but how were you supposed to know about the dangers of visiting Constant Shark Attack Beach?
While being replaced by a machine is never easy, losing your job to a common office stapler will prove especially difficult to take.
You've often wondered what it'd be like to stare straight into the eye of a hurricane. Still, never did you imagine the sexual tension would be so great.
Paramedics will rush you to the hospital this Thursday, though it's mostly to make the other emergency room patients feel better about themselves.
Advances in science will soon allow human beings to travel to the farthest reaches of outer space, leaving you with absolutely no hope of tracking down your ex-girlfriend.
The vast tomes of history will soon bear your name, which would be flattering, if it didn't come up every time the black plague was mentioned.
The stars foresee a time of great happiness and joy in your future, but they really have to squint in order to make it out.
Accidents often lead to new and exciting discoveries. This week, get ready to discover how one moves around without the use of his legs.
Good looks and a charming personality can only get you so far in life, which is good news, considering you have neither.
Friction in the workplace continues this Thursday, making you wish someone would finally cut you loose from the belt sander.
The giant pain in your ass is in fact not your mother, though the stars don't blame you for confusing her with colon cancer.
Disappointment will be yours this week when you realize that the caged bird isn't so much singing as pleading desperately for its life to end.
People say you're a control freak, but if you had your way, they'd say it a little slower and maybe even a touch louder.
You'll soon absorb much of the wisdom the world has to offer, thanks to hundreds of encyclopedic volumes and four rather unsteady bookcases.
Depression will soon wash over you like a giant wave, signaling your first contact with fresh water in almost three weeks.
You've always believed your work ethic and determination were what set you apart from the pack, but, as it turns out, it's that everyone else is a wolf.
After months of backbreaking effort, you'll finally finish your first novel. Now, imagine how difficult it'd be to actually write one.
Remember: Two white stripes means it's a skunk. Twelve white stripes means it's called for help.
Most relationships fail due to a lack of communication, which is surprising, as that's the only thing keeping yours together.
In short—expect unparalleled growth, changes are just around the corner, and it'll be completely inoperable.
A bouncing baby boy will enter your life this week, before shooting across the floor, ricocheting off the kitchen counter, and flying straight out the window again.
Having your teeth fall out in a dream usually signifies pent up anxiety and frustration. Having them fall out while you're still awake, however, signifies something much, much worse.
Everyone laughed when you said the CIA was running mind-control experiments, but they won't be laughing this week when you're admitted to a local insane asylum.
You'll struggle to remember how you ever got around before owning a car, which is to be expected after suffering a head-on collision like that.
Turns out it's actually two men inside a large horse costume, and that your daughter will be scarred for the rest of her life.
Admitting failure has never been your strong suit. Thankfully, this week's stench will say more than mere words ever could.
Who is the real prisoner? The man locked behind bars, or the man who is free, but unable to control his own destiny? You'll soon have 20 years without parole to figure it out.
Self-improvement may be a noble goal, but the stars aren't so sure the leg rests, dual cup-holders, and wood paneling are what people had in mind.
You'll be swept away by a love that knows no name this week, or so you'll think until coming across the medical term "dendrophilia."
You're always worried about where your next meal will come from. Sadly, this has less to do with your financial situation and more to do with you being a gluttonous fuck.
Artists from around the world would love nothing more than to paint your portrait, but that's mostly because your face presents a number of unique aesthetic challenges.
The good news is that the world is indeed your oyster. The bad news, however, is that you're allergic to shellfish.
An exciting new phase in your life is about to begin. Secrete abdominal fluids to soften the inside of your cocoon and fly out.
Just when things are beginning to look up, the three-ton wrecking ball will come swinging back in your direction.
While your new skirt leaves little to the imagination, many will still try to picture it on a woman instead.
Your finances and your health are equally important. Unfortunately, the sale of your last kidney will soon bring an end to both.
They say dogs are man's best friend, but you'll realize yours has been letting you win at checkers this entire time.
A masterful game of cunning, subterfuge and daring will help you to secure the last remaining slice of pizza this Thursday.
If you think he's angry about your tryst with his daughter, just wait until the farmer finds out what you did to his son.
Your belief in an omnipotent being that lives above the clouds may sound ridiculous, but it's the fact that you think He's out to do good that's truly preposterous.
Thomas Edison described genius as one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration. Still, that's no reason to brag about what you do in the bathroom.
You'll save half-a-dozen orphans from a burning building this week, though to be fair, that's largely because you'll refuse to go back in for their parents.
Revolving restaurants can make for a nice and relaxing outing. Sadly, yours will spin along the other axis.
The most important thing is that you tried, or at least it will be during your attempted murder trial next week.
Lately it seems like nobody respects your feelings, but why don't you just shut up for a second and let the stars worry about it.
You will meet a tall, dark stranger this week. Unfortunately for you, he'll spend the entire time trying to set you up with his short, white friend.
Though life may seem like one big game, there will be swift and severe consequences to dumping out that barrel of monkeys.
A surge of adrenaline can give people superhuman strength in times of emergency, but you'll refuse to admit that's how you opened the mayonnaise jar.
By the end of the week, you will be heartbroken, confused, and alone. In other words, prepare for a very uneventful few days.
They say you drive all the women crazy, but then again, you're Menopause, a physical and psychological condition known for such symptoms as depression, hot flashes, and unpredictable mood swings.
Getting out of bed in the morning has never been easy for you, though to be fair, the leather straps do pose a new challenge.
You'll fail to pull off the perfect murder when police investigators grow suspicious of the revolver, handsaw, and shovel you try to serve them for dinner.
Your skin will soon feel like it's crawling with insects, but fear not: Spiders are actually arachnids.
It doesn't matter who did what to whom, or who owes whom what, or even what was what, just as long as people start being specific for a fucking change.
While giving blood is considered a selfless act, the manner and speed with which you'll do it will leave pedestrians shocked.
They say you're immature, that you have a great deal of growing up left to do, but then, you're rubber and they're glue.
You've never been the type of person who deals well with criticism, the mere mention of which will incite you to hurl a chair across the room this week.
You will learn a very important lesson this week concerning the relative melting points of several different dental fillings.
A new chapter in your life is about to begin, though to be fair, it'll still contain the same tired dialogue and unlikable cast of characters you've come to expect.
Your heart will be in the right place this Thursday. Unfortunately, the same can't be said for the rest of your inner organs.
While it's true that we all wear masks in our day-to-day lives, yours is the only one with both an elastic band and plastic eyeholes.
After years of hard work, you'll finally be honored this week for your contributions to the field of Wasting Other People's Valuable Time.
Look to nature for encouragement and inspiration this week. Do this for as many ungodly hours as it damn well takes.
Yes, you're the result of a top-secret military project to meld man with machine. Unfortunately, the project's main objective was to build a better coffee maker.
It's strange the things we do when we fall in love, especially considering the rather strict regulations governing domestic livestock.
It will smell like burnt toast, taste like burnt toast, and even look like burnt toast, but you'll be damned if it isn't just a massive cerebral hemorrhage of the frontal lobe.
The stars predict the start of you getting a little more proactive about your own fucking future for a change. Seriously, enough is enough.
Your lucky gastrointestinal parasites for this week are: Cryptosporidium, hookworm, Giardia, and Trematodes.
A stirring piece of classical music will soon move you in ways you never thought possible. Still, thrusting one's pelvis to Tchaikovsky is frowned upon in most concert halls.
Misery may love company, but it's been over a month now that you've been crashing on its couch, and, well, you're really starting to bum misery out.
Days spent feeling like yesterday's garbage will soon come to an end. Prepare to start feeling like today's fresh selection of garbage.
The stars foresee a time of great vagueness and something or other in your future. Also, there will be a chair.
Finding out that a family member has passed away is never easy. Still, this week's Gorilla Gram will be tough to accept.
You will soon experience the kind of love that exists only in movies, but unfortunately for you, they're the ones starring Woody Allen.
While your method certainly worked, a simple diaper change would also have put the child out of its misery.
Critics will call your first poetry collection a "stirring work of utmost courage and beauty," which just goes to show how much mileage that man from Nantucket has.
If you have one fault, it's that you care too much. However, if you have two faults, it's that you can never pare your faults down to just one.
You'll be honored as a true War Hero this week, proving once and for all how dire the situation in Iraq has become.
Remember: While it takes a real man to admit he's made a mistake, it takes a fake woman to give him his money back.
You will enjoy renewed popularity when four-star chefs serve you in a light hollandaise sauce with choice of salad.
While many people have coping mechanisms, yours is the only one made up of two hand pulleys and a crate of vodka.
Your new Vaudeville routine will have them rolling in the aisles this week, though technically speaking, some of the credit should go to the fire.
Though many have argued over what came first, the chicken or the egg, all agree that causality dilemmas were a lot more fun before you showed up.
You will soon be ten men closer to discovering who it is you have to blow to get some service around here.
A surprise party looms in your future. Although, technically speaking, the "surprise" has more to do with how few people will show up.
Lately it seems like every time you open your mouth something terrible happens. Don’t be alarmed: What you’re suffering from is known as “food poisoning.”
While many people believe humor to be subjective, you and 36 flights of freshly mopped stairs will soon prove them wrong.
The stars predict an exciting change in careers this week. Prepare to go from being a Fry Cook to being a Former Fry Cook.
Sometimes the difference between pleasure and pain can be difficult to ascertain, but then that’s what the strange men in lab coats are here for.
You’ll be attacked for your unflattering and blasphemous depiction of the prophet Mohammed following a rather disastrous makeover this week.
You always thought that talking with your hands was something you did because you were Italian, but, as it turns out, it’s because you’re deaf.
After all the blood, sweat and tears, you’ll once again flush hours of strenuous work straight down the toilet.
Sure, the bear costume may have set you back a pretty penny, but just think of all the free tranquilizer shots you’ll soon be getting.
You’ll swear off ever using the canned stuff again after getting your hands on some fresh, locally grown whupass this week.
Even though you know Rumpelstiltskin is his name, you’re still not sure you want to go back to the responsibilities of motherhood.
Looking back now, it was probably foolish to bet everything on a horse named Remember, Sound Financial Investments Are The Key To Avoiding Crippling Debt.
By the time you finish reading this, it will have been too late.
Your pregnancy will be marked by a number of bizarre cravings, including pickles dipped in ice cream, lemons coated with salt, and a father figure to help raise your son.
A march intended to raise awareness of breast cancer will, after a disasterous turn, raise awareness of drunk driving instead.
Maybe it's your dislike of actor Roberto Benigni, but you're starting to think the Holocaust wasn't such a bad idea.
Much to your surprise, what actually separates the men from the boys will turn out to be a court order.
Statistics say that nearly 78% of rapes are committed by someone the victim knew, but you'll insist next week that the more correct phrasing is "thought they knew."
There's no denying that your unique scarecrow design scares the hell out of the crows, but it has the disadvantage of filling your yard with infuriated Christians.
You'll again fail to see the world though the eyes of a child this week when it turns out that kids' eyes are really expensive and, anyway, seeing them doesn't really work like that.
You'll end this week pretty much the way you started it, at least from a purely chemical-composition standpoint.
You've never enjoyed taking advantage of emotionally vulnerable individuals, but unfortunately, as a health-care professional, that's your job.
Even though he lives nearly three states away and you haven't seen each other in years, you will eerily sense your twin brother's promotion to senior middle manager this week at the very moment it happens.
You will soon be surprised to learn that your personal hell is actually quite similar, in more ways than you'll care to admit, to the Christian conception of hell.
For two horrifying and heartrending hours immediately outside your beach house this week, the blue whale will become the largest land mammal.
Financial hardship will soon be yours when a visiting Spaniard causes $600 worth of damage to your bar's mechanical bull.
You will see remarkable growth and success in 2008. Sadly, what you won't see is that gasoline truck careening your way.
The hands of fate will lead you to new answers in March. Then, when nobody is looking, they will touch you in an inappropriate place.
You will be filled with life in the coming year, thanks to roughly 4,000 spider eggs and a sudden temperature rise in your inner ear.
Don't get discouraged if things don't go your way during the first half of the year. There will be plenty of time for that during the second half of the year.
Be wary of advice from untrustworthy sources this coming June—or maybe it's July. No, wait, it's definitely June. Yeah.
After months of carrying it around, you'll suddenly lose all that excess weight midway through your second trimester.
The stars would tell you to spend more time with loved ones this year, but that pretty much eliminates everyone in your life.
Remember when you were a little kid and your father went completely insane that one year? Well, the whole thing will feel strangely familiar to you around August.
Like a shooting star, so too will your outer extremities ignite while hurdling through the earth's atmosphere in May.
After years of loyalty and hard work, you'll be replaced by an actual metal cog this coming September.
While faith has always guided you in life, it will soon leave you with nowhere to turn in death.
Love awaits you where you least expect it in 2008—anatomically speaking, that is.
The stars agree—you're getting way too old for all of this shit.
Crackling with the warmth of the season, a yuletide fire will quickly consume your helpless flesh.
An attempt to concentrate on more intellectual pursuits will ultimately fail this week, thanks to that shiny thing over there.
Though not a mood ring by design, your wedding band will soon communicate the misery and hopelessness you feel inside.
You'll be brought to your knees this Thursday by nothing more than a severe and irreversible case of gangrene.
While you've reasoned your way out of tricky situations before, a crisis this week involving a fox, a chicken, and a bag of feed will leave you completely stumped.
You've never been the type to ask for help. Sadly, though, you've always been the type to beg for it.
An engrossing read will soon transport you to a strange and faraway land, leaving you stranded in Harlem after 30 missed stops.
Your lucky 19th century German-language philosophers for this week are: Heidegger, Nietzsche, Schopenhauer, and Wundt.
The National Institute Of Raised Expectations Followed By Disappointing Results will come very close to honoring you this week.
You never thought having a kid could be so exhausting, but then staying one step ahead of Child Protective Services does take its toll.
The rise of Venus in your sign can only mean one thing: This will be a great week to read too much into stuff.
Speak directly from the heart this week. Tell your loved one, "Re-circulate the blood! Re-circulate the blood! Re-circulate the blood!"
An oncoming city bus will soon bring your midlife crisis to an end.
After days of banging your head against the wall, you'll finally find the answer you've been searching for: Bluurghhzzzzz!
Eyes are the windows to the soul. Keep yours shiny and clean by scrubbing them with an ammonia solution.
You've never been one to believe in God, but then He does seem pretty sure about Canberra being the capital of Australia.
A series of tragic and unforeseen events will soon leave you the man, woman, and sister of the house.
Your relationship elevator is going up this week. Unfortunately, it's a relationship service elevator and the guy is only into you for the green card.
What begins as a Kafkaesque ordeal, will soon turn into an Orwellian nightmare, before unexpectedly becoming a Judy Blume-ish disaster.
Your attempt to hold a mirror up to society backfires this week when society is pleasantly surprised with how good its hypocrisy looks.
Despite there being a medical term for it, a team of doctors will simply refer to your condition as "Jesus fucking Christ."
Your lucky Elements of the Periodic Table for this week are: Boron, Magnesium, Zinc, and Iodine.
Yes, the human body is an incredible organism, but the way you say it just sounds creepy.
Maybe it's your dislike of actor Roberto Benigni, but you're starting to think the Holocaust wasn't such a terrible idea.
A devastating earthquake will claim the lives of thousands this Thursday. On the bright side, you'll finally make that 7-10 split you've been struggling with.
Congratulations, you're now officially too old to have roommates!
Wild peals of laughter will surround you this week when you're unexpectedly struck in the nuts by cancer.
They've called you spineless, thin-skinned, a lowly bottom feeder. But then you're Rhopilema verrilli, a species of jellyfish known for its creamy white color and deep swimming bell.
You've tried to go it alone but, sadly, what the act of sexual stimulation really needs is a woman's touch.
Most firearm accidents occur in the home. Avoid the chance of serious injury by getting shot repeatedly at work this week.
Your meticulous attention to detail willl once again ruin an other-wise fun and pleasureable pasttime.
Fears of dying alone will soon be allayed when more than 2,000 fire ants keep you company during those last terrifying minutes.
Your zodiac sign will continue to grow more ironic with each and every meal you choose to consume.
A head surgeon and two operating nurses will soon stage a comedy of errors atop your anesthetized chest.
Dyslexia may be a serious affliction, but so is abusing it in order to attain triple-letter scores when playing Scrabble.
The best way to survive a grizzly bear attack is to play dead. Look to your wife and children for pointers on realism.
Sure, you may be having some second thoughts about it, but when was the last time a little vial of poison hurt anyone?
The stars, though massive balls of plasma incapable of human emotion, pity you.
It'll finally hit you that the Gerber baby is most likely dead by now—a realization brought on not so much by the photo on the front of the jar, but by the mush inside of it.
The stars understand that faith is difficult in the modern world, but trust them when they tell you that the derivative of a constant is always zero.
Like that of human beings, the beauty of snowflakes lies in the fact that no two are exactly alike. Also, a big part of their beauty lies in the fact that every single one of them is white.
Your brand-new goose down jacket will be damaged beyond repair this week when you're shot 11 times in the chest.
While jazzercise classes won't trim your thighs or waistline, they will soon leave you with a greater appreciation for Duke Ellington and Charles Mingus.
There's no denying that your unique scarecrow design scares the hell out the crows, but it has the disadvantage of filling your yard with infuriated Christians.
Statistics say that nearly 78 percent of rapes are committed by someone the victim knew, but you'll insist next week that the more correct phrasing is "thought they knew."
Your resistance to technology comes to a sudden end this week when you're garroted with a length of fiber-optic cable.
After months of being woken up at all hours by your newborn daughter, you will finally be able to sleep soundly this week after it's decided that she should stay overnight at the local hospital for further tests.
The stars indicate that love is in your future. They also indicate your latitude and longitude, if you have a sextant and a basic knowledge of geometry.
You will lose your lifelong faith in the powers of duct tape and staples when they fail to mend your broken heart.
Whatever compassion or sympathy once motivated people to tolerate you will soon disappear.
You'll learn a lot about yourself this week, including the exact tensile strength of each of your ribs, the temperature at which your nasal cartilage melts, and where your fear of commitment comes from.
Much to your surprise, what actually separates the men from the boys will turn out to be a court order.
Turn that frown upside down! A dislocated collarbone should make the process easier than you may think.
You will soon realize that there's nothing more beautiful than watching the morning sunrise—except for, of course, being able to sleep at night.
It's not the size of the ship, but rather the motion of the ocean that will cause your girlfriend to get sick during intercourse.
While usually reserved, you'll wear your heart on your sleeve, your shirt collar, and most of your pants after a harrowing clock-tower shooting this Thursday.
Avoid a potentially embarrassing situation this week by explaining to your daughter that sometimes mommies and daddies also enjoy playing dress-up.
Sure, it may be hard to stay optimistic, but remember: It's called pancreatic cancer, not pancreatic can't-cer!
Just when you think things can't get any worse, the crying infant three seats down will survive the plane crash.
Don't let the love of your life pass you by. Stop the hors d'oeuvres waiter carrying some of those delicious pigs in a blanket.
Problems at home will require your full attention this week. Be sure to first mute the television set before asking your partner why she's crying.
The stars would love to predict your future this week, but it's hard to tell what's going on with all that blood in the way.
Your marathon run will soon be regarded as a true testament to the futility of the human spirit.
What may at first appear to be an insurmountable obstacle will in time be seen for what it really is: an impenetrable barrier.
Don't worry, your crippling agoraphobia will soon be cured by your crippling arachnophobia.
While the news is certainly sad, take heart in knowing that your mother is in a better place now, even if it is a cramped wooden coffin six feet underground.
You'll finally find Mr. Right this week, moments after he leaves a pregnant Mrs. Right to be with you.
Despite the best of intentions, a sex addiction intervention will quickly and repeatedly backfire this Thursday.
Several dozen blemishes on your permanent record will prevent you from getting into the maximum security prison of your choice next week.
All of your questions concerning spontaneous combustion will suddenly be answered this Friday.
You'll realize how much your drinking has affected your personal relationships this week, after friends admit they hate the person you become when sober.
While initially insulted, you'll soon realize that being called an "unfit mother" has little to do with what shape you're in.
You will be reduced to a mere statistic as soon as someone starts keeping track of how many Americans are deservedly paralyzed in motorcycle accidents each year.
Spice up your marriage! When role-playing with your wife, pretend you're her emotionally distant, affection-withholding father!
A firm handshake can tell you a lot about a person, especially if that person has a hook for a hand.
If you want your fortune so bad, maybe you should consult those tea leaves again—the way you did last week. You didn't think the stars knew about that, did you?
You will finally stop referring to the Midwest as the "flyover states" during a tragic plane ride from New York to Los Angeles.
Set aside some time to enjoy the simple pleasures life has to offer. Ten to 15 seconds should be more than enough to experience them all.
For centuries fire was a sacred symbol of vitality and strength. Keep this in mind as you roll around frantically on your kitchen floor this Thursday.
The fruits of your labor will finally ripen this week, before going soft and filling with mold two days later.
It may take more muscles to smile than it does to frown, but with 90 percent of your body completely paralyzed, even frowning would be a worthwhile workout.
Your imagination is the limit! Try visualizing what your future would look like as head garbageman!
The explosion of a blood vessel beneath your brain's memory center will soon give you the fresh start you've been searching for.
A thousand monkeys on a thousand typewriters will finally produce the complete works of William Shakespeare, only to dismiss them as inferior to the oeuvre of Christopher Marlowe, or even  Francis Bacon at his height.
Don't be surprised this week if someone strangles you with a length of piano wire as you read about your future.
When life gives you lemons, why not blame them on your troubled upbringing and consequent inability to show affection? It sure beats making lemonade.
Don't listen to what others may be saying about your highly unstable nature and crippling psychosis. After all, most of those voices exist only in your head.
You will once again dress up as an emotionally stunted man-child for Halloween this year.
Nobody said that it was going to be easy, or fun, or even practical. But then nobody really said much about your desire to take up differential calculus.
The stars think it's time you stopped skirting around the issue and finally told your cat how you really feel.
Take control of your life! A half-cup of chicken's blood mixed with the tears of a fallen waif should once and for all break that gypsy's curse.
An attempt at sexual innuendo goes awry this week when animal rights activists come out in full force to protest the dangerous, disgusting treatment of your pet cat.
You'll receive a giant burst of energy halfway through the week, thanks to lax safety regulations and an overheated nuclear reactor.
A familiar face will bring you much- needed comfort this Thursday, at once allaying fears that your wife was cheating on you with a complete stranger.
While you've always been proud of your ability to adapt to new and unexpected situations, you'll still fail to grow a set of functional gills by early next week.
A series of gruesome events will soon leave you sickened by not only the sight, but also by the sound, the feel, and the taste of blood.
There's nothing quite like the laughter of children to illustrate what a total farce your life has become.
Your disarming smile faces its biggest challenge this week when the U.S. government sends you to defuse tensions in Pakistan.
The purchase of a new rocking chair will soon give your ailing mother the illusion of motion.
Don't worry about what people are saying behind your back this week. Especially considering all the nasty things they'll be saying directly to your face.
While it's been ages since you last cried about having no shoes, you'll still keep running into that creepy man without feet every other week.
Remember: Whoever said that humans only use 10 percent of their brains was probably using less than 6 percent of his.
The stars are having a wonderful time this week trying to guess your weight.
Curiosity may have killed the cat, but laziness will be responsible for its decomposition in the middle of your living room floor.
The sight of well-manicured lawns, new and colorful homes, and friendly pedestrians can only mean one thing: You've wandered onto the wrong side of the tracks.
Police officials will manage to talk you down from the ledge of an overpass this week. Sadly, they'll do so by screaming for you to jump.
After 12 years and eight children you'll finally succeed in sleeping your way to the top of the welfare recipient list this week.
Fears of being exposed as a fraud will be realized this week when you're revealed to lack the fluid color, strong lines, and playful style of Matisse's trademark works.
Set your inner child free this week! A bottle of disinfectant, a pair of grasping tongs, and an ordinary wire hanger are all you need!
Pride will be yours this week when you're awarded the Nobel Prize for Sitting Around the House and Waiting Desperately for the Phone To Ring.
Many will attack you for taking the easy way out, but then they won't know how hard it was to find an extension cord long enough to reach the bathtub.
Attempts to run away from the problem will fail this week when the problem turns out to be a short-circuited treadmill.
While you've long thought of yourself as your own harshest critic, the weekly columns of Gene Shalit will soon prove you wrong.
The stars were going to predict the beginning of a lifelong romance for you this week, but they couldn't get through it without bursting into laughter.
Contrary to popular belief, a second set of footprints will soon reveal that that was when Jesus ran off to play beach volleyball.
There's nothing you can do to put an end to the suffering this week.
A set of trick candles will result in the hilarious smoke-inhalation death of nearly 12 party guests tonight.
While you've long suspected yourself to be one in a million, the outcome of this Thursday's bone marrow search will remove any and all doubt.
A hand crank, two steel hooks attached at opposite ends of the oral cavity, and sheer mechanical force will soon leave you with a giant smile on your face.
Remember: Sometimes in life sacrifices must be made in order to appease Azazel, Guardian of the Goat and Netherworld Demon Of The Second Order.
Don't let negativity win out today, even though it probably will, because you're a worthless human being who most likely doesn't deserve to be happy.
The streets will become choked with the blood of mortal men today. Take advantage of this by catching up on some long overdue work around the house.
An attempt to laugh off your problems will quickly backfire when the NAACP doesn't see what's so funny about calling African-Americans a "never-ending scourge on society."
The discovery of your father's pornography collection will leave you feeling shocked this week. Then curious. And finally sleepy.
Ominous winds from the east will sweep across town, causing you to don a rather large wool sweater in order to stay warm.
Actions will speak louder than words this week when someone silently simulates an up-and-down "jack-off motion" whenever you begin to talk.
Despite having a lot on your plate, you'll still take on an extra helping of mashed potatoes, a side of sweet corn, and two additional slices of meat loaf tonight.
From the mouths of babes will soon come a series of molestation, sexual assault, and kidnapping charges against you.
A quick flip through your address book reveals that you have not called Heather in some time.
It's not so much your habit of hitting on women that people dislike, but more that you do it with your fists.
Life will continue to feel like a juggling act this week when you're forced to balance work, family, three plastic rings, a bowling pin, one of those soft juggling balls, two chainsaws, and nursing school.
Your body language will once again give you away this week, leaving little doubt as to whether or not you're suffering a seizure.
After years of earning a living on your back, you'll be amazed this Friday by just how much you can bring in on your stomach.
You will experience an almost Pavlovian response this week when the mere mention of classical conditioning and other behavioral experiments leaves you instantly bored.
While many may claim that you've changed, you still put your pants on like everyone else: one prosthetic leg at a time.
You'll have a tough time putting this Thursday's shocking scene into words, but then, that's what the police department keeps an oversized Pictionary pad around for.
Of all the plans you had for what you'd do with a million dollars, serving 12 years for grand larceny was probably last on your list.
You will come face to face with your worst fears this week after standing in front of a bathroom mirror.
Much to your surprise, a meal prepared with hate, regret, and unflinching resentment will soon leave your kids begging for seconds.
This week you will once again pray exactly 243 times for God to heal you of your obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, caution you this week against coming a-knockin' if the trailer is indeed rockin'.
You will soon learn that patience—the ability to endure prolonged delays without becoming annoyed, upset, or even frustrated, especially when unnecessary holdups and long, drawn-out, time-consuming interruptions seem as trivial as they are trying—is a virtue.
While one's sense of hearing is often the first to go, with you it'll be the sense of dignity.
You will achieve a kind of immortality this week when your death is so unexpected and tragic that it lives on in the mind of fear-seized men for centuries to come.
While it's natural for human beings to be resistant to change, it's probably time you started accepting some from generous passersby.
You will realize who your real friends are this week when a local doctor finally prescribes you some much-needed antipsychotics.
The old adage "Don't count your chickens before they hatch" will feel especially apt next week when you're forced to return over $200 worth of baby clothes and cigars.
Your belief in holding doors open for women, pulling their chairs out for them, and offering to pay for dinner all make you an old-fashioned type of guy. As does your belief that women shouldn't have the right to vote.
Hands-free cell phones may not be any safer or less distracting than regular cell phones, but they will be your only option after next week's car accident.
You will simultaneously break two of the Ten Commandments this week when you disrespect your parents by murdering them.
A delicious meal will come back to haunt you hours later when, changed somehow beyond all recognition, it suddenly falls out of your body at an inopportune moment.
Drained both physically and emotionally, you will find comfort this week in the arms of a rather spacious leather couch.
According to the stars, nothing will be able to stop you this week, which sounds great until you realize that you'll spend most of it behind the wheel of a runaway gasoline truck.
Postcoital cigarettes are one thing, but those pre- and mid-coital cigarettes are really beginning to annoy your partner.
The technical details are still being worked out, but executives promise that your first few hilarious and heartwarming years will soon be released as a deluxe DVD package.
The position of the moon, along with neighboring stars and outlying planets, can only mean one thing for Virgo today: Your gullibility will continue unabated.
A secret admirer will leave you an unexpected note this Thursday, tempting you with both his heartfelt prose and impressive lock- picking skills.
Don't bother trying to describe the merciless beating you will soon receive at the hands of a crowbar-wielding psychopath. The look on your face will say it all.
Your love for women of all shapes and sizes will only grow this week when you fail to completely blow up that inflatable doll.
A wise man once said, "The cave you fear to enter often holds the treasure you seek." But then, it's more the way he said it than anything else.
Your stress-management technique of taking long, deep breaths will prove disastrous when a riptide drags you underwater this week.
Friends and family members have often compared you to a china doll, but the resemblance will be uncanny next week when your limbs are broken and your head is pulled from its socket.
They say it takes a thief to spot a thief, which may explain why you're so good at picking out people who receive sexual pleasure from being urinated on.
Remember: Laugh and the whole world laughs with you. Cry and the whole world laughs at you.
Your unwavering faith in a supreme, all-knowing being that controls the universe will help you to overcome a series of rational and seemingly insurmountable arguments this week.
Sadly, nobody will believe you when you try to explain what happened at this week's Liars Anonymous meeting.
The stars indicate that it's time to lose those love handles. Sew yourself into a bag with a dozen starving ferrets.
While many condemn you for choosing to get an abortion, the personal courage you showed in making the difficult decision would likely have made your son or daughter very proud.
Although not normally the superstitious type, you will still fear the worst today when a black man crosses your path.
You will have your mind blown this week by nothing more than a shotgun slug traveling at near supersonic speed.
While there may never be a good time to lose a parent, the middle of your third trimester is probably the worst.
Agony and torment will soon be yours when a pack of wild dogs aggravate your dander allergy.
Sadly, the coming week will end for you much as it started: on Monday.
Paranoid fears that the entire world is out to get you will be proven false this week when only the FBI, the CIA, seven state police departments, and an international task force agency are found to be on your trail.
The splatter-porn film you starred in many years ago resurfaces, but don't be embarrassed: Nine-year-olds are allowed to make mistakes.
While hard and fast rules are oftentimes overly simplistic and flawed, you cannot argue with the logic that whoever smelt it most likely also dealt it.
A seemingly average morning will quickly turn terrifying when you can't remember getting into a pool of your own blood the night before.
Be careful that your careless words do not break a certain person's heart this week. Instead, break it with a well-placed ax blow.
By hook or by crook, you will crotchet yourself a matching scarf and hat this winter.
You will finally gain the respect of your peers this Thursday after hours spent begging for it on your hands and knees.
Looking back now, it's easy to see that hindsight is 20/20.
The arrival of a new child will soon change your life in ways you couldn't possibly understand. But then, you don't specialize in rare skeletal birth defects.
You'll be struck by a painful realization this Thursday concerning the relative force and speed of ordinary city buses.
By the time you get around to reading the rest of this week's horoscope, procrastination will already have gotten the best of you.
Like waves crashing against a rocky shore, so too will your drowned corpse crash repeatedly against a rocky shore.
Your love of all living creatures will be on display this week when you open the world's first Animal Rescue Steakhouse.
While you've always considered yourself too proud to pay for sex, the stars alone know you're not too proud to pray for it.
A bizarre chain of existential mishaps will result in your third viewing of the hit romantic comedy Sleepless in Seattle this week.
You will earn the hatred of scientists worldwide when a team of creationists uses you to definitively disprove the theory of evolution.
It could have been worse. You could have accidentally set 28 innocent schoolchildren on fire.
You have a smile that can light up a room. Sadly, you'll be too depressed next Tuesday to do anything about the electric company shutting off your power.
Remember: It takes a big man to admit he's made a mistake. And an even bigger, more insecure woman to admit that—despite the prospect of future infidelities—he might be the best she can do.
While you've often looked to the stars for guidance, a fashion dilemma this week will prove too difficult for even Kate Hudson to handle.
You will finally land your dream job this week, an ironic achievement considering how little you'll be sleeping from now on.
While some questions can only be answered by searching deep within oneself, whatever happened to your spleen and small intestine isn't one of them.
The results of next week's medical exam will send a chill up your spine, or at least they would, were you able to feel anything from the neck down.
You've always claimed to like a good mystery, but that was before they found your son's body floating in the ravine.
Sure, they may all be laughing at you now, but pretty soon they'll have to stop in order to catch their breath.
You're not the type of person who easily believes in conspiracy theories, but the premise that 12 Jewish bakers control all of the world's bagels actually seems pretty plausible.
As convenient as it may be, it's time you started taking some responsibility for the mess you've created instead of always blaming everything on the law of entropy.
You're no music expert, but the shadow growing around your feet looks like that of a concert grand piano.
The rapid deterioration of your sight will suddenly stop this week, leading you to fall to your knees and thank Jesus inside a nearby synagogue.
Your daughter's attention-seeking rendition of "I'm a Little Teapot" will backfire this week when it suddenly dawns on you that you'd much rather have a teapot than a daughter.
A passionate and intelligent debate over semantics this week will unfortunately get bogged down by pragmatics.
You are about to find love in the most unlikely of places—or at least that's what the panting, neglected sociopath living in the abandoned textiles factory will call it.
Years of backbreaking work and dedication will finally pay off this Thursday when you suddenly realize the utter futility of trying.
You will make a lasting impression this week after accidentally falling into a tar pit, the effect of which will leave a perfect fossil relief of your panicked and writhing body for centuries to come.
Although many wrestle with latent homosexual urges, you're the only one the stars know who likes to oil up beforehand.
Enlightenment and confusion will both be yours this week, when a tree falls in the woods only to make the sound of one hand clapping.
The presence of Mercury in your sign can only mean one thing: The stars have officially run out of euphemisms for discussing your monthly menstruation.
This is a good week to surround yourself with friends and loved ones, although you should probably still wear a bulletproof vest, just to be on the safe side.
Life will imitate art this Tuesday when a multi-planar figure of a woman stands languidly beside an abstracted carafe of wine.
While it certainly takes courage to stand up for what you believe in, it takes even more guts to sit back down for what you're willing to tolerate.
As you'll soon discover, it's amazing what the human body is capable of when it really doesn't want to have sex with you.
Remember: No matter how bad things get, or how hopeless life may seem, you can always go home again, and take it out on your family.
While you often claim that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery, those afflicted with cerebral palsy will continue to disagree.
Don't worry, everybody makes mistakes. Take all those people who were counting on you not to screw things up, for instance.
You will fly into a psychotic, alcohol-fueled rage this Thursday moments after sobering up a bit.
Though your existence often seems to be nothing more than one big practical joke, there may in fact be some higher purpose to all those whoopee cushions you've been sitting on.
You've never believed in the theory of evolution, but lately you just can't shake the feeling that the monkeys at the zoo seem to be improving their aim.
Everything that you love and hold dear will soon be lost when a tray of peanut butter cookies is accidentally dropped on the ground.
Don't be afraid to take risks and try new and unpredictable things this week. Instead, be very afraid.
You'll finally get the recognition you deserve, when some of the best and brightest minds in the field of Malicious Sarcasm honor you this week.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, recommend that you check yourself this week, as not doing so might lead you to wreck yourself in the future.
Sometimes in life you have to take one step back in order to take two steps forward, unless of course you have enough self-respect to stop line dancing.
A healthy body leads to a healthy mind. Continue starving yourself until your psychotic obsession to be thin is resolved.
Your world-weary pessimism will only increase this week when you suddenly go from seeing the glass half empty to seeing no glass at all.
A forbidden office romance will soon take you by storm, leaving the Xerox Corporation scrambling to create a less sleek and attractive looking copier.
Listen to you body this week—it may be trying to tell you something. Such as, "Please! For the love of God and everything that's good! Put me back together!"
Before you file that toothbrush down into a makeshift shiv, ask yourself what's more important: To be free again in the world, or to maintain good dental hygiene?
A spiritually fulfilling encounter will instead leave you feeling empty and alone this week when you find Jesus lying face down in a ditch.
Remember: Too many cooks spoil the broth, or as the 200-member International Adage Council recently put it, "A lot of chefs taint the consommé."
While you've long thought of yourself as a tolerant individual, the sight of someone whose skin is not the same color as yours will soon bring the belief into question.
Your creativity will be at an all-time high today. Take advantage of this by purchasing a second, larger bag of Popsicle sticks.
A priest, a rabbi, and a minister will walk into a bar this week, order three stiff drinks, and break down crying in one of the most depressing jokes you've ever heard.
While your towering throne of skulls is still intimidating, the doughnut-shaped hemorrhoid cushion you've been forced to purchase does slightly lessen its overall effect.
It's easy to lose one's sense of perspective in life, especially with no vanishing point, horizon line, or transversal plane to help gauge distance.
As someone who has never been very comfortable with the sight of blood, you should avoid next Thursday's baby shower at all costs.
Although willpower has never been your strong suit, you will realize this w—Hey, where are you going? Seriously nowcome onput that brownie down.
Despite several long-held beliefs and assumptions, you'll soon realize that it takes all kinds to mobilize a hate group.
Remember: No man is an island. An area of land almost completely surrounded by open water but still connected to the mainland by an isthmus—maybe. But not an island.
While you've often heard the old adage about crying over spilt milk, your grandmother's tragic slip will shed a whole new light on the matter.
Just when you think you can't keep going any longer, you'll somehow find the strength to continue jogging for a fourth minute.
You'll discover Ponce de Leon's fabled Fountain of Youth this week. Sadly, it'll be another three years before you develop the linguistic and cognitive skills necessary to tell anyone of it.
It will soon become obvious to you that in a medical emergency, such as shattering your femur while cleaning out the attic, every month counts.
The interesting thing about homicidal rage is—well, the stars don't want to ruin it for you.
Long gray beards have for centuries been linked to wisdom and shrewdness. Sadly, you get yours caught in the fax machine far too often for this to actually be the case.
Difficulty telling right from wrong will lead to indulgent behavior this week, which will lead to difficulty telling right from left.
Perhaps it's your fault for having expected too much of fame, but as the holder of the Guinness World Record for shortest living man, you thought you'd at least be up to your neck in pussy.
You've never been the sort to pat yourself on the back, but that was before you had a piece of steak lodged in your windpipe.
It's true that your talents and interests make you unique; however, some of the credit should go to your mother for ingesting the thalidomide.
Your belief that humanity is growing too dependent on machines will finally be put to rest next week, when after three days of careful deliberation, family members decide to take you off the respirator.
Misguided by the success of Orson Welles' groundbreaking, all-black production of Macbeth, you will be humiliated this week after the scathing reviews of your all-black production of Othello come in.
You'll cry yourself to sleep yet again tonight, much to the envy of insomniacs across the country.
A séance organized this week in an effort to bring comfort to a grieving friend will end in tragedy when the spirit of her deceased husband fails to understand why you two are holding hands.
You will feel let down by the historical inaccuracies at a nearby medieval-themed restaurant until you pay a visit to its bathroom.
Regular bouts of morning sickness will continue unabated next week, a surprising occurrence considering the abortion.
Your longtime wish for a better poker face will finally be granted this week; unfortunately, you'll lack the mental capacity required to play poker after the stroke.
There's nothing holding you back from achieving your wildest dreams, proving beyond a shadow of a doubt that stronger and more restrictive gun laws are badly needed.
You've often said that you'd trade everything in your life for another chance at happiness. Sadly, few have expressed interest in your complete collection of Doctor Who figurines thus far.
Although you believe that everyone is entitled to his own opinion, sometimes you wish that doctors would keep what they think to themselves.
Remember: Whoever said that "money isn't everything" was probably being paid to write proverbs for a living.
Avoid making any important decisions this week, as the tumor lodged inside your brain will make it difficult for you to think clearly.
A rampaging mob of torch-wielding villagers will gather at your door this week after learning what a monster you are on the inside.
Passion will enter your life this week, stop momentarily to regain its bearings, curse two to three times underneath its breath, and slowly inch its way back out the door.
Second-guessing yourself this week will only lead to more problems. Or will it? Yeah, it probably will.
They say that time heals all wounds. Try to keep that in mind as you lie clutching your midsection in that abandoned warehouse this week.
While it's impossible to imagine what life would be like without your children, you'd love to have an hour to yourself in order to try.
Love is in the air this week...or wait, no—that's a pigeon. Sorry, the stars always seem to get those two things confused.
While you've often wondered what it'd be like to attend your own funeral, claw marks on the inside of your coffin will soon reveal it to be a rather terrifying experience.
You'll try to obey orders by murdering a bus full of schoolchildren this week, only to realize that the dog just wanted to be taken out for a walk.
You will learn the true meaning of friendship this week when a coworker surprises you with a copy of Webster's Dictionary for your birthday.
It's finally time for you to move on and put childish things behind you, at least according to a new privately funded study on breast-feeding.
As your fame grows, you'll soon have to account for your failure to take a stand during the long-running pirates vs. ninjas debate.
You've never given much thought to prosthetics before, but by the end of the week you'll be an expert on all the leading brands and be ready to make your first of several big purchases.
Although you're well aware that common turpentine will remove most of the old finish on that heirloom bookcase, you can't stop yourself from drinking can after can of the delicious stuff.
Don't let your disdain for cliché stop you from taking heed this week when, in a world where right and wrong seem to have lost all meaning, a prostitute with a heart of gold points behind you and yells, "Look out!"
While nothing in this world is more precious than the love of a child, the stars urge you to remember that commodities retain their value much more consistently in the long run.
Thanks to your foresight in buying a hybrid, you'll be the first person in your state to not only be cut by glass and burned by gasoline, but also be electrocuted, when your car is hit by a bus.
Throwing your panties at Tom Jones isn't that unusual, but most people do it during concerts.
You'll decide to stop working for positive change in the world after you realize the media is reporting all of your efforts in the "News of the Weird" section.
All you wanted from life was to have close friends, a loving husband, and a little place of your own, but it seems the raccoons have other plans.
You thought you'd found a way that to show your pain while inspiring sympathy from everyone, but you forgot about the guy who has to hose you off the sidewalk.
While it's true Ernest Hemingway had some worthwhile things to say about grace under pressure, keep in mind that he also liked to get drunk and take his fishing boat out hunting for submarines.
Trained heart surgeons will patiently point out the fallacy implicit in your belief that there's no such thing as a loser in a bacon-eating contest.
There will soon come a time when your happiness depends on where and when an enormous man catches a ball.
You may say there's nothing wrong with you that a week in the Bahamas won't cure, but the stars recommend you get the chemotherapy.
When people think of all the ways picnics are ruined, it's rare that they come up with even half of the weird shit you've pulled.
You will raise procrastination to an art form, providing dozens of industrious critics with a new livelihood.
You've made it clear that you're a self-made man, and that no one can tell you how to live, but sometimes you think it might be nice to live indoors and eat people food.
Try as you might, you will not be able to improve your mediocre putting game. Gee, some big fucking problems you got, asshole.
The weather will be fairly nice this Saturday, but trust us, that won't be what they'll be talking about in the news.
An Arkansas vacation-planning kit will soon arrive in your mailbox, even though you didn't request one, aren't planning a vacation, and, like most people, hate Arkansas.
Usually, this stuff happens in movie theaters, so you're pretty surprised when two hours of sexy, suspense-filled action come to a bakery near you.
Your discovery of an unabridged dictionary will take much of the fun and creativity out of Scrabble.
Climbing the highest mountain and swimming the deepest ocean are fine, but you don't see why you need to eat the largest rib roast to win her love.
You don't want anything to come between you and your cats. Luckily, given your obesity and the tininess of your trailer, it's not physically possible.
A bizarre series of events will lead to your selling real estate in a small town in New Jersey.
You'll be swarmed by a rare strain of Americanized killer bees who, unlike their Africanized cousins, just want to hang out and watch TV all day.
In a stirring display of national unity next week, you and 2 million other participants will join hands to form an unbroken chain across the Mexican-American border.
Despite your claims of historical importance and the need to remember America's fallen heroes, the authorities continue to refuse to grant you the permits required by your avid group of drug-war re-enacters.
You would in fact leave for Canada right this minute if it didn't mean leaving the only nation on earth with the vision to teach squirrels to water-ski.
Americans are tired of politics as usual but no one ever gets tired of unanimous bipartisan actions against you.
It really won't do you any good, but it's very stirring nonetheless when you remember the Alamo, the Maine, and Pearl Harbor during your audit.
The government has spent thousands of dollars training you to be a highly efficient killing machine, so please try and act like one from now on.
You will be held accountable for the needless death of thousands of Americans just days after composing an irresistably catchy jingle about the rewards of suicide.
Stop telling people you have "a unique vision for America." Many producers of big-time Hollywood musicals had the same unique vision before you did.
A dark time in your life will come to a sudden end after an unexpected drastic improvement in Ronald Reagan's condition.
You'll be prevented from joining the Army's elite paratrooper unit, which seems unfair, given your years of experience jumping out of things while holding guns.
Your most cherished dream will die this week, which would be tragic if it weren't to float around in a Texas-shaped pool filled with beer.
You'll have a hard time convincing the Treasury Department that you weren't attempting to counterfeit $20 bills, but simply trying to suggest some very minor changes.
Spectacular advancements in speech- recognition technology will finally allow you to understand what people really mean when they say you should consider getting a hobby.
You'll waste years of your life and your entire life savings on the mistaken assumption that people don't mind driving a few miles out of their way for a really top-notch handjob.
The booming illegal ivory trade will continue to make life hellishly stressful for people like you with unusually prominent and oddly-shaped collarbones.
The stars realize it's just a highly unusual birthmark, but you can't blame normal people for thinking you had the Trans Am "screaming chicken" tattooed on your infant daughter.
All your hard work will soon pay off, as the powers that be are so pleased with you that they're planning to transfer you from your current backwater hellhole to someplace even worse.
You'll learn far too late to be careful what you wish for when the ponies, sailboat, and baby brother you wanted back when you were 7 suddenly appear in your living room this week.
Finding comfortable formal footwear will become unnecessarily complicated this week when you're waited on by the self-styled Harlem Globetrotters of Trying on Shoes.
It's true that sometimes we have to be cruel to be kind, but maybe using the crosscut saw was a little much.
You thought your wireless Bluetooth- capable pregnancy tester was the worst idea anyone had ever had, but that was before someone decided to open up a Hooter's in Oman.
Selling your life story to Hollywood for less than $300 was demeaning enough, but now they're saying that Paul Giamatti may not be sufficiently dumpy to play you.
You'll provide an interesting footnote to the history of international turmoil when, due to a complicated series of mistranslations and corrupt ballots, you inadvertently seize control of Italy for four blood-soaked days.
You and your spouse will be informed that, tragically, you can only keep one of the triplets, and that it'll cost an extra grand for even the one to stay all night.
The stars indicate you will get free shipping on any order over $100 if you type in the special code "horosavings" before pushing the checkout button.
This is an important birthday for you, especially considering how very, very few of them you've got left.
The kinder stars have decreed that you shall be wealthy and happy. Unfortunately, the far more numerous malevolent stars have decided to send an out-of-control bus screaming toward you.
The AMA can say whatever it wants about accidents, but you're still not convinced that a surgeon could leave so many scalpels, magazine subscription cards, and cigarette butts in your abdomen by mistake.
Your long uphill battle for self-improvement will founder once again when you find yourself thinking that some reality television shows are actually pretty good.
You've never really been concerned with the plight of the giant panda, but that was before you found out about panda porn.
Authorities investigating the high teen suicide rate in your area will finally put two and two together and ask you to stop attending high-school career days.
Love means something different to everyone, but you immediately come to mind whenever polite indifference is mentioned.
You cannot fathom the mysteries of the human heart, so just sit back and enjoy their chewy texture and meaty savor.
Satan's not sure where you got such a dramatic picture of Hell, but if you don't get an apron on and sell that eight-top some hot wings tout de suite, he'll bust you down to infernal dishwasher.
You'll find it surprisingly difficult to tell your parents that you're gay, especially considering that it's just part of a scheme to give them heart attacks and collect their life insurance.
Your place is becoming the central gathering spot for everyone in the neighborhood to just hang out and do whatever, which would be nice if you actually knew any of these people.
After he's finally finished, the new, re-imagined Smokey the Bear will hang your gnawed rib cage from his Tree of One Thousand Bones as a reminder that only you can prevent the horror that is forest fire.
You always hate it when shows end with a big musical number, so you'll probably be pretty disappointed with what happens to the universe on Wednesday.
You'll reach an important milestone in your life when, after a few too many Cosmos at your birthday party, you'll drive at full speed into one of your town's quaint milestones.
Though the doctors have found a donor and are willing to perform the operation, you should really ask yourself how many more livers you actually need.
Judging by the speed of the approaching asteroid swarm, it is not a good time to go forward with new plans in your career.
Your utter lack of appeal to the opposite sex will save you from the Black Widow Killer, but it won't keep you out of the clutches of the Utter Lack of Appeal to the Opposite Sex Slasher.
You'll finally find love, happiness, and meaning in life, but unfortunately only by partnering with an inspiring field-goal-kicking golden retriever.
Your life has reached a state of inertia, due primarily to the fact that you've spent most of it waiting for the next truly great ice cream flavor to come along.
You'll finally clear up your years-long nightmare of health care paperwork and insurance confusion when you realize that heroin is available without a prescription.
The current political climate will continue to make it difficult for you to enjoy your hobby of packing trucks with explosives, driving them to government buildings, and masturbating yourself senseless behind the wheel.
People say there's nothing wrong with you a little exercise won't cure, but only because they know physical strain will burst your flabby heart like a balloon.
You're beginning to suspect that people may have hidden, personal motives for asking you to give them all your money.
You'd much rather have people fear you than love you, which may be a problem since you are an adorable 3-week-old tiger-striped kitten.
Although you really want the 16-ounce tenderloin with peppercorn sauce and a side of gorgonzola mashed potatoes, you'll ultimately settle for the spinach salad without dressing.
Many of your problems forging strong interpersonal relationships will be solved when you discover a commercially available cleaning product that, when applied to your body along with hot water, provides many benefits.
This is an important week for you, as you'll learn the valuable lesson that people will forgive the well-dressed man almost anything.
You'll take a bold stand against hundreds of years of accepted business practices when you refuse to base your in-office wardrobe on a two-button navy blue suit.
The stars see nothing wrong with chiding someone for wearing pleat-fronted khakis, but it's better to go easy on someone wearing the same style of pant in a gabardine.
Take care this week when purchasing hand-made loafers, as many of the modern designers use sole leather prone to slippage and cracking.
You'll be the object of mockery for days after mistakenly telling your tailor to use too shallow a break in the cuffs of your trousers.
While there's no doubt that plastic collar stays have their place in the fast-paced modern world, Jupiter ascendant in Leo means it's time to invest in a set crafted from old-fashioned brass.
With the right collar, three-button sport coats don't have to look old fashioned, and they can often accommodate PDAs or smartphones in their more generous interior pockets.
A mysterious stranger will appear and teach you how a suit in a bold (not to say loud) checked pattern can add dignified character to your closet, as long as you augment it with plain shirts and solid ties.
A summer-weight wool suit is a nice idea, but let's face it: Wool is still wool.
This is a good time to make changes in the workplace, especially if you have the kind of quiet authority a pair of heirloom-quality cuff links confer.
Fear will be your prime motivator this week, but don't be afraid to wear brown shoes with a blue suit as long as the shoes are well-kept and match your belt.
Self-honesty is the most difficult road a man can walk, especially when one is forced to admit that almost no one looks good in both tweeds and pinstripes.
Discomfort will be your greatest obstacle this week; no matter who tailored it or how good it looks on the hanger, you won't look good in it if you're not comfortable.
The secret love you've pined for from afar for so long will appear to you in a dream and say, "Ha ha, you gutless simp: This is just a dream!"
Benevolent gods will finally take pity on you and reward you for your suffering, but unfortunately they're the gods of corn and lima beans and as such, reward you in succotash.
Because of your unhealthy relationship with public transportation, counselors will spend months trying to convince you that the bus does not hit you because it loves you.
Your arduous quest for self-improvement will hit yet another snag this week when you admit you have a crush on Elisabeth Hasselbeck.
Saturn will enter your sign this week just as the cute new employee in accounting is about to ask you out, ruining your chances for happiness forever.
Your inability to heed a single piece of celestial advice has driven the stars in your sign to become gamma-ray bursters. Your fear of commitment is now responsible for the radiation deaths of three trillion aliens in seven systems.
You'll end this week pretty much the way you started it, at least from a purely chemical-composition standpoint.
You are a fool if you do not consider purchasing the stars' low-mileage 1999 Oldsmobile Alero, featuring a clean interior, six-CD changer, new tires, and a recent service, all for just $3,600.
Love means different things to different people, but you're the only one for whom it means that to every w-consistent class K of formula there correspond recursive class-sign r (on free var. v), such that neither (v Gen r) nor ~(v Gen r) belong to Flg (K).
At the risk of sounding too forward, and with full knowledge they are acting outside their purview, the General Mills board of directors is of the opinion that a navy blue sports coat looks great on anyone.
You think of yourself as the kind of person who hungers for all the knowledge and new experiences life has to offer, but actually you usually fill up on the free salad and breadsticks.
After the fire at your place, investigators won't want to question you so much about smoking in bed or the grow lights in the closet but about the stacks and stacks of bridal magazines.
Although the editors at Penguin have received your letters and are sorry you do not "get" Milton, they will refuse to make any of your 3,264 suggested changes to Paradise Lost.
Neighbors will continue to complain about your horse-training technique until your thoroughbreds stop making such a racket when they run full-tilt into the Invisible Fence.
The presence of a "push" sign on a door that obviously must be pulled in order to open will give you overwhelming insight into the futile and picaresque nature of the human experience.
You consider yourself an enlightened and compassionate citizen of the world, but you still bust out laughing every time that South Asian on the TV yells "No bingo!"
Recent changes to the Cosmic Transportation Authority Code mean the mystic Path to Happiness will now run through the pain center of your brain. Luckily, almost no one ever travels it.
You'll again fail to see the world through the eyes of a child this week when it turns out that kids' eyes are really expensive and, anyway, seeing through them doesn't really work like that.
Consumer Reports loved your generous size, high capacity, and ease of operation, but was forced to rate you lower for your high fuel consumption and low resistance to fire and acid.
While you're aware that people enjoy watching you get hit by buses, you're still surprised that so many are spending $54.95 to sign up for next Sunday's pay-per-view accident.
This would be a good week to make big plans at work if it weren't for the fact that last week was a good week to be fired for no reason after 15 years at the same company.
You'll inspire disbelief, jealousy, and not a little hatred when you, rather than Puerto Rico, are named as America's 51st state.
Unfortunately, this is not in fact your horoscope but a nefarious form of demonic sorcery. Do not read it lest you wish to unleash horrors and abominations unspeakable.
You'll finally achieve that race victory that's been eluding you for so long, although it'll take a few days for the welts to heal where the jockey whipped you on the home stretch.
Although you keep insisting that print is dead, it doesn't seem to have hurt your ability to find newspapers to cover yourself with while sleeping on park benches.
Your firstborn child will have your eyes, thanks to delivery complications and the organ-donor sticker on your driver's license.
Cosmologists have determined that the universe's expansion will ultimately yield an environment in which energy dwindles away, leaving all of Creation a cold dead place—but today's your special day!
You'll find what you need in the sweet, innocent arms of a child, especially since what you need is fresh bone marrow.
You'll be unable to quite remember Sebastian Cabot's name this week, despite everyone saying, "You mean Sebastian Cabot?" every time you describe Sebastian Cabot.
You can no longer deny the strength of the feelings growing inside you. Nor can the 18 other bus passengers present for your rippling volley of explosive orgasms.
The old adage that begins "For want of a nail" will take on special meaning for you this week when a time-travel accident leaves you standing empty-handed at the Crucifixion.
Your lawsuit against the drug companies will sputter out when it turns out the major suppliers of top-shelf blow aren't "companies" in.
Keep in mind this week that anger is fear in disguise, although why you'd be afraid of the soda machine eating your dollar is for you alone to answer.
You're no detective, but you're pretty sure the bloody toothprints on the scrap of diaper stuck in your truck's radiator are a clue.
While the directors of the Palomar Observatory admit the nebula has an unusual shape, they do not believe you caught God masturbating.
The artificial-looking eyes, the strange metallic horns, and the revving sound coming from within the hide should have made you realize that what you faced in the corrida last week was no real bull.
Experts will speculate wildly about your reason for crossing the road when post-mortem tests reveal that you were in fact not a chicken.
You'll cry because you have no shoes until you see a man who has no shame stretching out his anus to the size of a soup bowl and putting pictures of it on the Internet.
The stars have decided that if you're going to be such a prick about everything, you'll just have to find the future out for yourself from now on.
Remember not to tell your birthday wish to anyone after blowing out the cake's candles tonight or it won't come true. Although, truth be told, there's very little medical science can do for your mother at this stage in the game.
Sometimes expressing yourself to your boyfriend might be difficult, but he can't read your mind. Break up with him and find a psychic boyfriend.
It may have been a unique way to propose marriage, but you wish that your husband would simply pick up the phone and call you, rather than renting the Jumbotron every time he has something to say.
You’ve been struck by Cupid’s magical arrow before, but you and dozens of others will be unprepared for his use of an enchanted Gatling gun.
Remember: Only by eliminating feelings of jealousy and competition can you become as happy and healthy a person as that smug bitch Rebecca.
You've slaved away for months to design your own fashion line, but it's your boyfriend who will make a splash with his insouciantly tucked-in turtlenecks.
An impromptu survey of the NHL's 10 best goalies ranks you as the worst lay in all of the U.S. and Canada.
Your real name will eventually be forgotten, but you will enter the American folk mythos as The Woman With Great Hair Who Still Couldn't Keep A Man.
The twin specters of confusion and bankruptcy haunt your life when Wilford Brimley confronts you with a prenuptial contract you do not remember signing.
Alarming developments this week mean that withholding sex will no longer be one of your more effective threats.
Northerly winds will whisper the name of a former love in your ear, ruthlessly mocking you for having had a relationship with someone called "Ooooouuuuussssshhhhhh."
While your claims of being a self-made woman are valid, everyone's still a little distracted by all the purplish-black scars and amateurish stitching.
Perhaps the color and positions of the stains on your boyfriend's mattress can offer a clue as to how he earned the money he's stuffed inside it.
Try and resist the feeling that your birthday is but a special commemoration of your progress toward the grave. It's not that special.
Your drinking is beginning to drive your friends and loved ones away from you, making you wish you'd thought of it much earlier.
It's useless to sit at home and wish that a crazed masked murderer would take a welding torch and slaughter your town's sexually active teens when you own a perfectly good welder's torch yourself.
You finally seem to be cured of your blatantly self-destructive tendencies, but you can't shake the feeling that two legs are twice as many as a person really needs.
You've thought about trying online dating, but you can't help noticing that the Personal Of The Day is always the same person, who, despite being attractive and interesting, somehow still can't get a date.
You'll be unsure exactly what to do when that one girl who always wins the lottery and knows who's going to win all the baseball games tells you she's worried about radiation.
The tension will mount slowly over the next few days as the needle touching the surface of your eyeball begins to press slowly but inexorably harder.
You can never remember if, when meeting new business associates, you're supposed to give your name and shake hands firmly while looking them in the eye, or break their collarbones with the edge of your hand and run away to study woodworking in New Hampshire under an assumed name.
Your career as a professional gold-digger gets off to a bad start when the construction workers you're attracted to are found to lack diggable gold.
You'll be wandering the streets, lost in thought, pondering the missing factors in your million-dollar plan, when suddenly it will hit you: the cross-town A63 express bus.
You've tried analyzing them through mass spectrometry, centrifuging them to separate their component elements, and searching everywhere inside them, but you still just don't understand women.
You'll take a long night journey over water accompanied by a dark stranger while starting new projects both at work and in your love life after every star in the sky somehow winds up in your sign this week.
The nation's leading cosmetic, pharmaceutical, and helmet-testing technicians will all take a moment this week to wonder what they did before they captured you.
You've always believed there are two kinds of people in this world: normal everyday people, and the ones in the blood-spattered yellow raincoats who stay out of sight, waiting for just the right moment.
Once again you'll wind up with the kind of ambulance driver who thinks he can blow the flames out if he just drives fast enough.
Quit insisting that if you could walk that way you wouldn't need the cornstarch. You know you'd need the damn cornstarch anyway.
The good news is that the lumpy mass in your pancreas doesn't seem to be cancer. The bad news is that almost everything else inside you does.
The stars waited a long time just to be sure, but it looks as though you were in fact wrong about e-mail being the CB radio of the '90s.
Although you're relieved psychologists cured you of the delusion that you're a chicken, you're dreading returning home to find all those "eggs" you remember laying.
You were told that getting a puppy would help you meet girls, but they still don't seem to want to approach you, no matter how cute the little guy looks inside your translucent thorax.
What you thought was a flippant remark will lead you directly to the 17 people you have to blow to get a drink around here.
You have no idea who the hell this Orwell guy was, but he sure screwed up when he didn't fill up that farm with hilarious monkeys.
If there's anything better than working 50 hours a week in an air-conditioner filter plant, you don't want to know what it is, because hey, that's all you're ever going to do and you'd hate to be dissatisfied.
People tell you to follow your dreams, but lately they've been going to some really bad neighborhoods in the middle of the night and getting mixed up with some pretty unsavory characters.
A much-needed change of scenery is in store for you this week when wildfires sweep through your area, charring everything visible from your cell's tiny window.
You're the kind of person who can find something positive in anyone. Then again, you're also the kind of person who finds pain hilarious, so it's not that hard for you.
You'll finally get exactly the credit you deserve, sparking yet another of those interesting but meaningless conversations about why they give so many consecutive death penalties.
Your boss' reputation as a savvy manager with a cruel sense of humor will convince everyone who reads his new business how-to book that giving you a perfunctory ball-punch is how men greet one another in the business world.
In relatively good news, your life's usual boredom, self doubt, loneliness, inner pain, and frustration will be cut by almost three-sevenths this week.
You'll be unsettled this week when the Emirate of Dubai builds an exact 88-story aluminum-and-glass replica of your head, and deeply troubled when you realize it's paired with an exact 68-story steel-and-glass replica of the gun in your desk drawer.
It will take six men to get the look off the camel's face following your birthday party, although no one's sure why since the camel wasn't at the party, doesn't have an unusual look on its face, and the six men aren't known to work with camels.
Please stop insisting you have nothing left to live for. The phrase you're looking for is "never had a reason to live."
You'll die from an accidental overdose of hormones that causes every muscle in your body to flex uncontrollably, become rigid, and eventually rupture after the 911 operator repeatedly hangs up on you for saying you're as "hard and straight as a bar of iron and ready to pop at any second."
The other residents of Texas could forgive your "messing with" habit, but not combined with your total silence on the issue of which vehicles you'd prefer to push rather than driving other vehicles.
Your future as a songwriter ends almost before it begins when you find that someone has already compared the depth, power, and beauty of their love to an ocean.
You've heard a lot of people say that having kids isn't easy, but as far as you can tell, the man's dingle just goes into the lady's hoo-hah.
Although they do indeed say "if something's too good to be true, it probably is," the reverse is not automatically the case. Stop telling people Remington Steele was a real guy.
You'll be forced to withdraw your workplace sexual harassment lawsuit against your employer, Carnivore Stables LLC, when your boss demonstrates the fully functional life-sized pony constructed from USDA Grade-A bologna that he was asking you to test-ride.
Your week will be indistinguishable from last week in every detail but one, but that's just a minor color and texture change you probably won't even notice.
All your life you've been able to see what's in people's hearts and help them heal their innermost scars, but your busy social calendar and interesting life have prevented you from noticing anything that lame.
You'll have your legs broken, your teeth shattered, and your skull caved in by Jesus as he strikes out with his Cruci-Chuks while bellowing that "you should'a used bigger nails" during his unexpectedly macho return.
You'll be hailed as America's Biggest Hero when you save a child from drowning despite weighing almost 450 pounds.
You will discover a magical gramophone that allows you to communicate with the residents of the Land of the Dead, although they claim anything important should be discussed in person and they can wait a week.
You'll write one of the best-selling children's books of all time when you cynically put every sugar-coated lie anyone ever told you into the mouth of an anthropomorphic hippo.
If there's a drinkable liquid in the world that doesn't cause loss of motor function, impaired judgment, slurred speech, dehydration, and eventual unconsciousness, you don't want to know about it.
You'll soon discover that the hardest thing for a parent is to lose a child, as not only are there many authority figures who will try extremely hard to return them, the little bastards are quite resourceful on their own.
The treasure map turns out to be quite handy indeed, since if someone had just told you the gold was in the Florida Keys, you never would have figured out how to get there from your house.
Your claim that there is nothing like a good sandwich will be refuted this week when competing scientists produce a second good sandwich.
You will continue to earn the enmity of everyone in your community when the mayor once again cites you as the reason your city can't have nice things.
The scene of your murder will be perplexing for the investigating detectives, as each of your eleven parrots seems to have heard you and the killer say something different.
The stars tell that next week will be full of trials and tribulations at work. They also spell out a particularly lewd if not funny limerick, if you read Farsi.
Saying you're unhealthy is one thing, saying you're trouble is another, but when the cops invite the parents up to see how you smell so they can tell if their kids are using you, it's almost too much.
The Forest God will bestow upon you the gift of talking to all the beasts of the field and birds of the air, but until you decide to shape up you'll still be a lousy listener.
Scientists will be amazed when new quantum-radar technology reveals that most of the dense, fast-moving, fist-sized objects in the universe are headed straight for your testicles.
You'll soon learn that "shit a brick" is not merely a colorful rural figure of speech, first through the efforts of your neighborhood pigeons and then from painful personal experience.
A relatively dark time lies ahead for Gemini, one which does not seem to be infused with all-corrupting evil but does contain a lot of moist little noises, whimpering, and half-heard big band music played on badly tuned AM radios.
The police will once again explain to you at length that while yes, being your district's night-shift colon scraper is a dirty job, no one in fact has to do it.
As it turns out, having your car struck by a bolt of lightning won't turn it into a sentient evil robot, but it will flesh-weld you to the parking officer you were fellating to avoid being ticketed.
Your cynical belief that people are easily led sheep who care only about big meals and furtive sex will cost you your fortune and your life, unless you realize how much they also love senseless violence.
You'll squander whatever small goodwill you've won in the world when you attempt to cash in on your self-proclaimed status as The Helen Keller of People with No Sense of Smell.
The week will start off shaky for you when your town is hit by a 9.6 magnitude quake and get even worse on Thursday when you're gang-raped by bikers in an incident that doesn't lend itself well to a trite play on words.
Your spirit will finally be broken for all time when the latest L.L. Bean catalog does not contain a photo of puppies asleep in their signature Dog Bed.
You talk a good game, but when the pressure's on, you'll fold like a cheap tent, breaking all the bones in your body that lack the articulation of a cheap tent's poles.
A routine appointment with a plastic surgeon turns epic when a scheduling error introduces you to the magnetic bedside manner of The Iron Surgeon and his Neodymium Nurses.
You suspect you're finally going a little soft when you start enjoying the kind of pornography in which the pig lives.
Moments after accepting Jesus as your own personal savior, you'll be irritated to learn that He must be shared with the world's other 2.3 billion Christians.
Your health will continue to decline due to your tendency to catch every little sniffle, cough, and axe that comes your way.
You thought the loss of your true love was the worst pain you could ever feel, but that was before you started vomiting up huge gouts of furious hornets.
It's been a long time since you were hit by a bus, a fact that will suddenly occur to every commercial-license-holding man and woman within 350 miles of your house.
You'll finally be scheduled for that heart transplant, but unfortunately you'll get that one surgeon who suffers from simultaneous narcolepsy, sleepwalking, and incredibly vivid dreams about attending pig roasts.
You'll ignore the voice of reason once again this week, but that's largely due to it having grown hoarse and nearly inaudible over the years.
While you'll incur the contempt of hundreds for killing a man at point-blank range, you would've likely earned the disdain of thousands more had you missed from so close up.
As hard as you may try, there are some things in life that just can't be explained without the help of a clear and concise PowerPoint presentation.
The week will start off shaky for you, but as long as you remember to... If You'd Like To Read More Of This Horoscope, Please Send $10 COD to Scorpio, Helena, MT 59601.
You'll be forced to choose between all that life has to offer and few more minutes of sleep this week.
Remember: It's not the size of the boat that matters, but whether or not it's equipped with fresh water, flare guns, shark repellent, and a copy of the Bible.
You'll make a definite impression on the object of your desire this week when you carve a heart and your initials on the big tree in the park as well as on the surface of your eyes.
You've never been one to toot your own horn, but that was before your girlfriend dumped you and the car accident dislocated your hips.
After days of grave and anxious discussion, the stars have decided that it's better you don't know.
You've never been the type to contemplate suicide, a fact made painfully clear by the hurried, rather slapdash nature of your hanging this Thursday.
A march intended to raise awareness of breast cancer will, after a disastrous turn, raise awareness of drunk driving instead.
While truth may in fact be stranger than fiction, no one is the least bit interested in your personal adventures in babysitting.
Remember: Only by eliminating feelings of jealousy and competition can you become as happy and healthy a person as that smug bitch Rebecca.
Your dreams will be crushed tonight by the repeated strikes of a titanium crowbar against your skull.
Much to your dismay, you'll find your one true soulmate this week in an ordinary, perfectly inanimate desk lamp.
Your pregnancy will be marked by a number of bizarre cravings, including pickles dipped in ice cream, lemons coated with salt, and a father figure to help raise your son.
Just when you think you'll never find the strength to go on, the virgin blood of a fragile waif will fuel you for another 200 years.
Sagittarius is hurt by allegations that it's been slipping product placements into weekly predictions—so hurt in fact that it may soon seek out the pain-relieving properties of Extra Strength Tylenol™.
While you may have valor, resolve, and even vigor, what you don't have is a basic understanding of what those words actually mean.
Your faith will be tested this week through a series of harrowing multiple-choice sacrifices, several short-answer-style moral decisions, and one page-length final essay on what it means to be devout.
Following decades of uncertainty, you'll finally realize this week that the one thing you want most from life is for it to end.
Remember not to tell your birthday wish to anyone after blowing out the cake's candles tonight or it won't come true. Although, truth be told, there's very little medical science can do for your mother at this stage in the game.
Years after losing friends and family members to the obsession, you will finally admit that your life-long goal of becoming the Pythagoras of isosceles triangles is not worth the trouble.
There are times when you wonder how a promising backyard-wrestling star wound up driving an Army transport truck in Iraq, but you usually remember pretty quickly.
Not hitting your shots and a weak zone defense aren't just why your team is losing in the playoffs, it's why the Centralized Space Command will surrender to the Uranus Allied Forces this Thursday.
It's true that secret agents have crossed international borders with microfilm hidden in their colons, but you should've known better than to try it with three liters of duty-free scotch.
You've often wondered who's responsible for all this fucked-up shit, but that will change Thursday, when you're hired to assist the Director of All This Fucked-Up Shit.
You'll finally break the endlessly mounting tension at work when you cause the rollback of that aggravating "days without an accident" sign.
You've always stressed the importance of manners, but you don't think they need to prevent anyone from killing as many people as possible.
Your local EMTs have a hard, gritty, often tragic life, broken up only by their hilarious weekly calls to your combination distillery and chimp farm.
You'll find it hard to live a normal life for the next couple months, during which it will suddenly and inexplicably become fashionable to jump motorcycles over you.
The fifth coming of Jesus Christ this week will reveal that you haven't been paying as much attention as you'd thought.
Although initially humorous, the apron that you purchase this week will ultimately be unable to overthrow and crush patriarchal society's confining gender roles.
Cancer researchers will appeal to you desperately for another donation this week, claiming that they are now only $1,345 away from finding a cure.
You're about to transition into an exciting new phase of your life, thanks to the direct application of heat and your body's rather low melting point.
Remember: While faith can move mountains, only religion is capable of making you feel guilty for doing so.
Others may claim you to be a contrarian, they may accuse you of being a knee-jerk naysayer, of disputing popular opinion for the sake of disputing popular opinion–but then you really couldn't disagree with them more.
In a tragic twist of fate, you'll be overwhelmed this week by both a sense of fear and a pack of wolves.
You believe there to be only two types of people in the world, those who dismiss your opinions as intensely ignorant and drunk Irishmen.
The stars predict the beginning of a lifelong romance this week, which just goes to show you how wrong the stars can sometimes be.
You'll be confronted by feelings of anger, disgust, and complete disbelief after taking a trip to the Holocaust Museum bathroom.
Scientists around the world will come to praise you as a true trailblazer in the field of Incorrect Particle Physics.
You'll soon learn that, while the truth can sometimes set you free, other times it can send you to prison for murdering your parents.
The sudden rise in mood swings, wild food cravings, and rapid head-to-toe hair-growth can only mean one thing: It's that time of the lunar cycle again!
Unfortunately for you, there's no adage about how to actually dispose of the baby after the bathwater.
Your willingness to die for what you believe in may seem naïve, but someone has to stand up to people who think Ray Combs was the best host of Family Feud.
Though you've always been the sort of guy to act first and think later, many will soon come to know you as a rather cautious and calculating woman.
While you've always found the proverb to be insightful, you'll soon come to realize the more practical applications of not throwing stones in glass houses.
Despite the writing being on the wall, the bridge, the subway platform, and the abandoned warehouse, you'll still be surprised to hear about the recent rise of vandalism in your city.
Controversy will continue to follow you everywhere you go this week, a likely sign that it's time to untie the homosexual from your car's rear bumper.
While most everyone battles inner demons, you'll become one of the few ever to face supernatural creatures of the outer variety.
Sometimes you don't know what you have until it's gone, such as the capacity to reach conclusions not first presented to you through simple, pithy aphorisms.
Like moths to a flame, so too will moths be drawn to your flame-engulfed corpse this Thursday.
You always believed yourself to be filled with self-hatred, but as it turns out you're actually filled with half self-hatred, half double-fudge ice cream.
You will finally turn a weakness into a strength this week, when your hometown hosts its "Most Prolific Public Defecator" contest.
Sometimes the truth can be hard to hear, as you'll discover this week when doctors attempt to tell you that you've gone deaf.
Your family's never-ending cycle of domestic violence will come full circle this Friday when you beat the living shit out of your doddering great-grandfather.
Just when you think you've endured the worst life has to offer, an omelet will arrive this week with only two distinct types of cheese.
You'll find solace this week in the arms of an old friend—arms you'll pin down using a combination of brute force and the unflinching desperation that comes from a lifetime of loneliness.
The stars will take immense pleasure in lording your foreseeable future over you this week.
It's not important that you failed, or that they laughed at you, or even that you cried when they laughed at you. What's really important—what actually, truly matters—is how much louder and harder the laughter was when you cried.
You will soon meet the greatest love of your life, which, unfortunately, has less to do with the quality of the former than the brevity of the latter.
While you admit you've made some mistakes in the past, the clockwork regularity and strangely detached manner in which you do so is really starting to freak people out.
You will reach for the stars this week, once again proving your complete inability to accurately judge distances.
The stakes will be raised this Thursday, moments before being repeatedly plunged by frightened townspeople into your chest.
You will awake feeling relatively refreshed and comparatively invigorated after deciding to cry yourself to sleep at a more reasonable hour tonight.
What starts as a desperate attempt to finally regain control of your life will soon end as a desperate attempt to finally regain control of your life.
Your mother claims she never raised a liar for a son, but then what else do you expect from a lizard-human hybrid born out of a top-secret genetic-manipulation project gone terribly awry?
There's a time and a place for everything, as you'll soon discover after falling into the rhinoceros pit during mating season.
Your inquisitive nature will soon see you demanding answers to a series of questions ranging from "Huh?" to "Who the—?" and "Whazzat?
Growing up, you always believed the house across the street belonged to an evil witch, but now that you're older, you realize that she was in fact only renting it.
You will be saddened to learn that, in your case, mixing business with pleasure involves filling out the same quarterly spreadsheet report.
Fortune will smile upon you this week, only it'll do so in that shitty, passive-aggressive way Fortune has of smiling—you know the kind where you can tell it's just being polite, but that, really, it doesn't give a damn about how you're actually doing. Ugh, seriously, fuck Fortune.
A short stint as a human cannonball will eventually lead you to a much longer stint as a human corpse.
Northerly winds will whisper the name of a former love in your ear, ruthlessly mocking you for having had a relationship with someone called "Ooooouuuuussssshhhhhh."
You've never been good at saying goodbye, which explains why your speech therapist keeps charging you for an extra half hour each week.
While the fear of losing your individuality to a world built on conformity may indeed be distressing, worry not: There are literally millions of other people out there who feel the exact same way.
An attempt to sing your troubles away will ultimately fail. On the bright side, you'll soon have a hit novelty song about the setbacks of living with Huntington's disease on your hands.
Your imagination will run wild this week when you attempt to deduce what lies beneath that outdoor-barbecue-with-accompanying-propane-tank-shaped tarp.
You can grow your beard as long as you like, but it's not going to change the fact that you often struggle with 19th-century Russian literature.
You will refuse to comply with strict orders this week, standing firm against repeated commands to get funky.
The stars, in their infinite wisdom, never tire of remarking upon just how few doors your job at the metal-hinge factory has opened for you.
Remember: It's not that you can't find happiness in life, it's that you won't find happiness in life.
The Treasury Department's decision to phase out pennies from circulation will see you throwing nearly 40 dollars worth of change in your swear jar this week.
Be prepared to shop till you drop when searching for an affordable supplier of heart medication this week.
While life may begin at conception, hours of painful exertion will reveal it to sometimes end at delivery.
Fun and despair will be in the air this week when a nearby confetti factory explodes, killing twenty-three employees.
Not surprisingly, your feminine wiles will once again fail to charm doctors into giving you free facial reconstruction surgery.
Exposure to bursts of gamma radiation this week will leave you with the tumor-growing ability of ten regular men.
Despite your attempts to make it look like an accident, investigators will immediately suspect you of burning down your wife for the insurance money.
Remember: Only by learning from the mistakes we've committed in the past can we truly improve the quality of the mistakes we will make in the future.
Sure, the use of racial profiling may bring rise to a number of ethical issues, but that's not to say it won't help in capturing your town's "Very Well-Endowed Killer."
Your first instinct this week will be to run, while your second instinct this week will be to find your legs.
A panel of twelve jurors will soon find you guilty of a crime you didn't commit very well.
Look to the stars this week for a way to mentally disconnect with what will be happening on top of you in that field.
Don't get discouraged! Whatever you lack in talent, discipline, and ambition, you more than make up for in lack of talent, discipline, and ambition.
While you've always believed in love at first sight, ten years of marriage will soon test your faith in love at repeated sight.
Your perfectionist streak will consume you this week when you attempt to posit the world's single most precise chaos theory.
You'll toss and turn in bed tonight, completely unable to fall asleep after killing a couple of innocent hours during an afternoon nap.
Distance will afford you fresh perspective this Thursday when the lower half of your body lands an entire city block away from the upper half.
Your wildest dreams will come true this week, only further proving that you deserved the chartered accountancy promotion.
Spurred on by feelings of pressure and pain, you'll follow your heart about two-thirds of the way to the living room phone this week.
A series of mob-related events will soon have dockworkers around the world referring to you as a barrel of laughs.
Your entire life will flash before your eyes this week, an insignificant blip made all the more trivial by the Benny Hill theme that will accompany it.
Fighting back the tears and suppressing wave after wave of indignation, you'll take next Tuesday's hysterectomy operation like a man.
While you've always claimed to work better under strict deadlines, hundreds of radiation victims will soon have reason to disagree.
You'll soon stumble upon the secret to a happy marriage—a secret so simple you'll take perverse pleasure in keeping it from your wife.
Just when you think you can't keep going any longer, you'll be forced to continue due to a series of everyday responsibilities and obligations.
An agonizing and seemingly endless disemboweling will soon show you exactly what you're made of.
Sometimes in life one must take the good with the bad, even if it means pretending to be attracted to her mother.
They say that you're not the man you used to be, that you've got nothing left inside of you worth saving. However, it's the fact that they're licensed surgeons that really makes it sting.
Your charred, lifeless body will time and again debunk the old myth about lighting never striking the same place twice.
Religion will soon instill in you a renewed sense of purpose. Also, it will soon instill in you a renewed sense of fear, a renewed sense of guilt, and a renewed sense of shame.
There won't be a dry eye in the house this week when support beams collapse under the heat of 10-foot flames and block all available exit routes.
Your crude sense of humor will offend many this week, while the amount you supposedly charge for a standard mustache ride will offend the rest.
While curiosity may have killed the cat, your wife and kids will soon fall victim to a deadly blend of anger and mistrust.
You never considered yourself to be someone who's particularly good with his hands, but that's not to say that you won't miss them.
An old adage will be proven wrong this Thursday when bad things come to you in two-hundred-and-forty-threes.
You'll learn the value of a dollar this week when drug lords put an emotionally devastating price on your head.
Disgrace will be yours when a conservationist, an animal-rights activist, and the host of a weekly get-together all label you as bad for the environment.
Your belief that others are secretly conspiring against you is truly absurd. In fact, they couldn't be more open about it if they tried.
Sadly, your insatiable thirst for blood says more about the physical shape you're in than anything else.
Others can say what they want, but flogging that dead horse just seems to get funnier the more you do it.
After a string of rejections, you'll finally find love this week on the most unlikely of street corners.
Your worst shark, tornado, and public-speaking fears will be realized, pretty much at once next Tuesday.
You'll be brought face-to-face with your own mortality this week during a series of harrowing stabs to the jaw and forehead.
Long after your death, many will remember you as the first man ever to simultaneously break both the sound and cement barrier.
Your new Civil War novel would have made a welcome addition to the corpus of American historical fiction if its main storyline hadn't already been used in an episode of Knight Rider.
A man is often known by the company he keeps, which is more than enough reason for you to close down Wanton Bigotry, Inc.
You'll wake up next to a dead Taiwanese prostitute Sunday morning, and immediately regret your decision to pick up a dead Taiwanese prostitute the night before.
Unexpected and startling events in the coming days will compel you to become more familiar with your monthly menstrual cycle.
Your new job as a quality-control tester gets off to a rocky start when you fall for the old peanut-brittle-can gag 76 times in a row.
While it may not be the most elegant of methods, you'll nonetheless solve a problem with your in-laws this week through the process of elimination.
You'll be made to feel like a princess this week when you're betrothed, without prior consultation, to the odorous and rotten-toothed King Gumperthon of neighboring Ilswich.
A double-inclined plane will—through the application of downward force—drive a wedge between you and your spouse this week.
You will be judged today by a group of your peers, as well as tomorrow and every subsequent day until graduation.
After being tied to a set of railroad tracks for several decades, you'll finally meet your demise this week with the arrival of a repeatedly delayed Amtrak train.
Your firstborn child will have your eyes, thanks to delivery complications and the organ-donor sticker on your driver's license.
Your radical new look will cause heads to turn, as complete strangers hurry to avoid eye contact with you.
When times are tough and the world around you seems grim, don't be afraid to turn to religion for a good, hearty laugh.
Your bold, take-no-prisoners attitude has made you who you are today: one of the least successful criminal prosecutors in the country.
A profound sense of sorrow will be brought on this week by the realization that you've grown too old to have fewer children.
Your science-fiction novel will be heralded as a "work of utmost urgency and importance" by critics in a mirror universe this week.
Inmates across the country will soon recount the story of how you once made a small shiv from nothing more than a larger shiv.
While couples who live together often begin to look alike over time, an apartment-wide fire this week will bring about the resemblance in just hours.
Remember: Only by looking deep within yourself, will you find the answer to your nagging digestive troubles.
Was it Colonel Mustard in the conservatory with the candlestick? Or did Professor Plum commit the crime in the library with the lead pipe? Either way, nobody will be interested in playing your new rape edition of the classic board game Clue.
You will experience debilitating pain, unspeakable agony, and the loss of all of your hair when a voodoo doll bearing your likeness falls into the hands of a 5-year-old girl.
Attempts at self-medicating with alcohol will once again fail to treat your rampant alcoholism.
Filled with self-hate and disgust, you'll try to justify your actions by remarking that in dog years the terrier was probably of age.
A magical, life-affirming night of passion will be regarded as little more than an error in judgment by your true soul mate this week.
You will be reunited with a long-lost love as soon as the last of the snow melts away in March.
After years of wandering purposefully through life, a chance encounter this April will at last restore your faith in mere coincidences.
As upset as you'll be over breaking your New Year's resolution, it will ultimately pale in comparison to how friends and family members of your victims will feel.
2007 might finally be the year when you take your life into your own hands and begin doing something proactive about your future. Keep checking back here to see if that's indeed the case.
July will see the arrival of an entirely new member of the family thanks to the ruthless progression of your great aunt's Alzheimer's disease.
The next six months will be a time of great inner growth for you—but then any certified oncologist could have told you that.
Learn to focus on the positives this year, instead of just dwelling on January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, November, and December.
This year will mark the 30th anniversary of Star Wars, so there's really little point in speculating what it will hold for you.
Travel will be at the top of your list in 2007, as you desperately bounce from one heart specialist to the next in hopes of some sort of treatment.
Marriage will feature prominently in your life during the first half of 2007, while hope and an opportune flight of stairs will feature prominently in your life during the second half.
All your questions about the coming year will be answered moments after the purchase of a 2007 desk calendar.
The New Year will start out with a bang for you. Unfortunately, it will also end with a bang for you.
While experimenting with sex is perfectly normal for someone your age, experimenting with different types of electrical current and diode clamps is not.
You claim that nobody understands your pain, but then how could they with you writhing around on the ground and shrieking unintelligibly all the time?
Years of treating your body like a temple will backfire this Thursday when savage hordes of Turkish soldiers ruthlessly plunder its depths.
Remember: There's nothing you can't change if you just put your mind to it, and no mind you can't change if you just put your fists to it.
You will be charged with 1,348 counts of soliciting a minor by Thought Police officers this Thursday.
You've always been above petty sibling squabbles, but that was before your brother started getting preferential cancer treatment.
Sometimes it feels like all you do at work is clean up other people's shit, which isn't surprising considering you're employed full-time as a janitor.
Tired of the limitations of small-town life, you'll soon move to the city in search of bigger and better spare change.
You will once again make yourself sick over the smallest of possible ingested foods and liquids this week.
When carrying out a book-burning, first stoke the fire with smaller, lighter works from Austen and Waugh, before throwing on the heavier hardbacks of Tolstoy and Joyce.
A tragic boating accident will soon claim the lives of the lead singer, guitarist, and drummer of your one-man band.
The image of the Virgin Mary will appear to you this week, completely obscuring your wife's sweat-streaked face in bed.
They say there's nothing quite like the bond between a mother and her child, but then they have yet to see your experimental new adhesive compound.
Anger at the world this week will once again magically transform a plate of baked potatoes into a plate of mashed potatoes.
You'll get carried away this Thursday after one too many drinks, and by four too many men.
After years of disappointment, you'll suddenly realize this week that satisfying sex has always been within arm's reach.
You and your family will fall victim to a freak 40-car pileup during a short-lived tour of the new Nissan plant.
You'll be amazed this week by the lengths some people are prepared to go to just to escape from a burning textiles factory.
You'll be rushed into the operating room this week after troubled doctors decide your cosmetic surgery can't wait any longer.
Remember: Children who are not developmentally disabled, nor born with severe birth defects or chromosomal abnormalities, are our future.
If there's one thing you're guilty of in this life, it's committing six counts of third-degree assault with a deadly weapon.
Forty thousand years after you were cryogenically frozen, scientists will at last bring you back to life when they come up with a cure for stupidity.
You'll be discovered this week by the director of the hit musical Stomp! during a drunken, borderline-psychotic outburst.
Following years of wrestling with the spiritual dilemma, you'll learn the hard way this week that the question of God was always intended to be rhetorical.
You'll be torn a new asshole this week by some of the top reconstructive surgeons in the country.
After everything that's happened to you in the last year, it's amazing how modest you can still be about the spread of cancer in your body.
For the fifth month in a row, you will be forced to deal with your abandonment issues completely alone.
While others frequently refer to you as a sex machine, the label is sadly based on your cold, almost mechanical execution of the physical act.
Although doctors will suspect a brain tumor to be behind all the swelling, they won't know for sure until a wider MRI tube is built.
Your correspondence course in applied chemistry will be terminated this week after the violent demise of nearly two dozen mailmen.
You will finally leave your boyfriend this week after learning that he's been physically and emotionally abusing some other girl on the side.
A head-on collision with a bright red 18-wheeler will all but end this Thursday's game of "I Spy."
You can cry all you like, but it's not going to bring back the 56-ounce carton of ice cream you just ate.
While alternate-side-of-the-street restrictions may ultimately help, it's probably not the most effective way of dealing with your town's recent wave of curbings.
Covered only partially in Vaseline and shrieking nearly coherent obscenities about the Jews, you'll be amazed by the amount of progress you've made since entering therapy.
The stars strongly sense the presence of cantaloupe, honeydew melon, and possibly even some pineapple in this Tuesday's bowl of fruit salad.
You will find yourself siding with Islamic extremists this week after an eco-terrorist organization claims responsibility for several car bombings.
Hundreds of miners will lose their lives this week in a series of tragic and unforeseen lung collapses.
Researchers this week will trace years of unjust and painful suffering among thousands of Americans to a pretty common skin condition.
The discovery of two scoliotic spines this week will bring you one step closer to completing that rocking chair of skulls.
Next week's appointment with an ear, nose, and throat specialist will start with some positive news about your ears and your nose.
While the transformation and its implications may be difficult to accept, there's no longer any sense in denying it: You are now more beatbox than human.
Remember: You can only run away from your problems for so long before they catch up to you, tackle you, drag you into a nearby alley, and ultimately slit your throat.
Many will disapprove of your decision, but after carefully weighing the options, you'll once again go with the thinner woman.
You'll claim to have only been following doctor's orders, but jury members will still convict you of assisting in a series of barbaric musculoskeletal medical experiments.
They say that a baby changes everything, and while you'll feel a little more pressure, in the end the game is still five-card stud.
Despite seemingly insurmountable odds, you will once again manage to talk your way out of sounding interesting this week.
Your body will be so battered and bloodied that police investigators will suspect necrophiliacs of having carried out the rape.
Dozens of low-income and at-risk families will suffer this week after you put another housing project off to the last minute.
Riding in a golf cart with snow cone in hand, you'll be tackled by two police officers this week after matching a composite caricature of a suspected murderer.
You'll be praised as a true original and an innovator of the art form after shooting a film whose plot unfolds in chronological order.
With each week that passes—regardless of how many children are murdered—your ritual killings are beginning to feel more like your rote killings.
While everyone is certainly entitled to their opinion of how you run your life, the bullhorn they've been using does seem a bit much.
The good news is that you won't die alone, as you've always feared. The bad news, however, is that it's because you'll be pregnant at the time.
Tens of thousands will applaud your invention next week of a larger and more convincing applause sign.
Whimpering softly at the end of a narrow hallway, you'll soon become acquainted with both definitions of the verb "to defile."
The stars are serious this time: If they ever catch you with those fucking tea leaves again, you can kiss the last 15 years goodbye.
Your towering throne of skulls might be impressive and all, but what's the point of being king if there's no one left to rule over?
Years of sweat and toil will finally pay off when your first novel is welcomed as a challenging and important work by cryptographers around the world.
An attempt to describe the concept of infinity to friends this Thursday will succeed in spite of your nonsensical rambling.
If you had any balls at all, you'd quit that pathetic sobbing and just take the castration like a real man.
While you claim that the suspense of your test results is slowly killing you, it's in fact a pulmonary embolism that's doing the job.
Your four-year degree from an Ivy League school will quickly propel you to the top of many collection agency lists.
You will be fired this week from your job at Staples just for taking home a bunch of office supplies.
Some may call you idealistic, even naïve, but more and more you're beginning to believe that every lack of a vote can make a difference.
You've gone to great lengths to get out of jury duty before, but falsely confessing to three counts of vehicular manslaughter will top all previous efforts.
While your dream of opening your very own coffee shop will ultimately fail, you'll still succeed in doing what few ever could by opening your very own wrists.
You've never really imagined yourself as the committed type, but a state-appointed psychiatrist will soon prove you wrong.
You will fly into a blind, towering, destructive, psychotic, and ultimately murderous rage this week over the excessive use of adjectives in today's popular writing.
Although you often say that suffering a stroke is nothing to laugh about, the way your tongue swashes about helplessly as you struggle to form the words only hurts your case.
Your paranoid ramblings will once again give the seven government agents who gather each morning at a subterranean, state-of-the-art civilian surveillance facility a good laugh.
Despite having certain doubts and nagging suspicions about the matter, you'd never go so far as to call yourself a Holocaust "denier."
You may be dishonest, deceitful, and even untrustworthy, but the one thing you're not is someone who tells the truth.
Ever since you can remember, you've always been the curious sort, forever asking about the accident you were in, how many months have passed since, and when, if ever, your long-term memory will return.
It's been years since you last spoke to your father, but with the game going into double overtime you have no other choice but to wait a little longer.
Confirming your suspicions, a study this week will reveal that 86 percent of all human suffering takes place while waiting in line.
Dead bodies, stumbled upon at regular intervals, will help you to keep track of your progress while hiking.
While your claims of being a self-made woman are valid, everyone's still a little distracted by all the purplish-black scars and amateurish stitching.
After years of struggling to write The Great American Novel, months of struggling to write The Great American Novella, and weeks of struggling to write The Great American Short Story, you will finally break down and spend a few minutes writing The Great American Suicide Letter.
Days after the plane crash, surrounded by the skeletal remains of hundreds of former passengers, you'll be overcome by a phenomenon known as "survivor's indigestion."
Everyone brags about their kids, but remember, the law named after your daughter has only been adopted in 48 out of 50 states.
Apple Computer will have limited interest in your prototype of a new iPod that holds up to four songs, yet fits comfortably inside an ordinary dump truck.
As grim as the situation may at first appear, the death toll will be surprisingly low after a school bus runs head-on into a local bloodmobile this week.
Skeptic James Randi will award you a check for $1,000,000 next week, after you are observed thoroughly enjoying that new Brad Garrett sitcom.
They can take your wife, they can even take away your children, but they're going to need a much bigger hearse to do it all at once.
Your 25-year high school reunion this week will reveal how little the Class of '83, and its bitter struggle with math, has changed over time.
Friends will once again claim this week that you should've been born during a different time, particularly one where pregnant women weren't ingesting Thalidomide as frequently.
Sagittarius apologizes for the last couple of weeks, man... it's just that it's been so busy and all lately. Anyway, um, horoscope... um, you'll have a heart attack. Shit. Sorry.
The dismal opening-night receipts of Taco Gorillas From Outer Space will teach you an important lesson about composing operettas while stoned.
You will bury yourself in your work this week, which would not be a problem if you weren't a gravedigger.
A race war will break out in the deepest dark of night, giving one side the definite upper hand.
Although you still believe it to be a good deed, you will nonetheless grow increasingly jealous of the Habitat For Humanity home you're helping to build.
A collection of self-penned portmanteaus, the construction of which you've always thought rather clever, will offend hundreds of biracial individuals this Thursday.
While all may be fair in love and war, many will come out against your egregious use of nerve gas in both.
No matter how much time passes, you'll never be able to bring yourself to forgive those who have called you unforgiving.
You never thought you had it in you, nor that you'd have the courage to follow through even if you did, but you'll totally surprise yourself with next Thursday's abortion.
You will see yourself in a whole new light this week while desperately failing to locate a single vein inside that downtown McDonald's bathroom.
A sinking sense of your own mortality will set in this week after you completely fail to recognize a Simpsons rerun on television.
The alignment of the stars and the planets can only mean one thing this week: You're looking at a very simplistic, two-dimensional model of our solar system.
Badly hurt and in crippling pain, you will see the last 12 seconds of your life flash before your eyes this week.
You're nervous, your palms are sweaty, and your stomach is full of knots, but don't worry: Chances are she's feeling the exact same first-date-rape jitters as you.
A freak electrical fire will break out at a nearby hospital this week, expanding the facility's burn ward tenfold.
Though you will mean to tell a group of friends about the appetizing sirloin steak you had for lunch, a Freudian slip this week will instead reveal how you tortured those four underage women in an old abandoned shack by the highway.
Check with Pisces in two weeks for a more detailed and accurate prediction of next week's events.
Dozens will be hospitalized this week after a bar brawl breaks out over a particularly divisive trivia question regarding the migratory patterns of monarch butterflies.
Your repeated cries for help will be drowned out this week by a 300-pound man, a coarse length of rope, and a metal basin filled with water.
While everyone expresses affection in their own unique way, your approach of communicating it through plainspoken words and genuine sentiment is really starting to freak people out.
Unlike everything else in your life, you will take news this week of your skyrocketing cholesterol levels with a grain of salt.
You've never stood in the way of stem-cell research, and you never will, after next week's car wreck.
While it’s been ages since you last cried about having no shoes, you’ll still keep running into that creepy man without feet every other week.
The innocence and purity of children will teach you a valuable lesson this week about your state's age-of-consent laws.
After a month of worry, you'll be mistakenly relieved this week after hearing that all your medical tests came out positive.
Although you'll ultimately lose after 30 hard-fought minutes, many will remember you as "the man who brought out the very best in those defibrillators."
For the fifth straight night, you'll have that recurring sleep in which you crawl into bed around 11 p.m., turn off the lights, and wake up the next morning feeling rested and refreshed.
You'll fail to appreciate the reunion of caustic pranksters The Jerky Boys during this Thursday's 20-minute impromptu phone call.
Repeated miscarriages, while emotionally devastating, will leave you with an extensive backlog of dozens of beautiful baby names.
Despite its many promotional offers and money-saving bargains, part of you just doesn't want to belong to any Sam's Club that would have you as a member.
Tired of the nickname, you'll take to slashing the bodies of young women by the banks of a less embarrassing-sounding river.
Your protest against the use of water cannons, tear gas, and rubber bullets to subdue unruly activists will succeed when riot-police officers simply kick the living shit out of you.
An attempt to better market yourself will have lifelong repercussions after an ill-advised promotional giveaway off of Route 39.
Standing before the statues of its once-great leaders, you will marvel at the colossal feats of Ancient Greece, amazed that an entire civilization of amputees was able to achieve so much.
While you've managed to get away with it for years, your hectic schedule of burning the town at both ends will soon catch up to you.
As a writer you've struggled to capture the essence of Gary, Indiana, but as a perfume maker it's been a walk in the park.
While the music will make your body move, it's the dance club's strobe lights that will make your body groove.
Years of training as a Boy Scout will lead you to escort an elderly woman across the street and take sexual advantage of her defenseless body in a nearby alleyway.
This week a shattered tea set will serve as a fitting metaphor for your clumsy coming-of-age as a woman.
You'll realize you've lost touch with today's youth when members of your own family start referring to you as "Grandpa."
So ashamed will you be about falling down the stairs that you'll lie to friends and family, telling them your husband beat you.
You'll dodge a bullet this week when a shotgun slug is fired into your abdomen, piercing both kidneys, shredding your lower intestine, pancreas, and spleen, and puncturing your right lung, before miraculously missing your heart by mere centimeters.
You will be singled out among many worthy candidates for your eye-catching looks, unmistakable presence and the fact that you murdered a homeless man in the early hours of Sept. 19.
A persistent and unrelenting cough, steadfast in its determination to persevere, will elegantly illustrate the precise qualities you lack in fighting off lung cancer.
While at first lighthearted and even fun, the mood will quickly turn this week when a road trip is taken too far.
The birth of your first child will bring about a newfound sense of responsibility in friends, family members, and child-protection officials.
Of all the plans you had for what you'd do with a million dollars, serving 12 years for grand larceny was probably pretty low on the list.
A gas-powered chainsaw will cut off circulation in both of your arms, each leg, and a rather large chunk of your midsection.
You will remark, incorrectly, that the skinhead movement in America appears to be dying out, after visiting a Mississippi cancer ward this week.
A drunken attempt to take your anger out on a nearby yacht later this week will accidentally result in the vessel's christening.
You will once again play the role of straight man this week to a long, tangled stretch of extension cord.
Your forgetful tendencies will infuriate those closest to you this week when you walk out, back in, and right out again on your wife and kids.
Despite a lukewarm reaction from friends and family members, you still believe your life could someday make a great topic of conversation.
Launching a powerful laser pointer into space, an evil teenage mastermind will soon threaten to humiliate the world unless his demands are met.
A private discussion among friends this week will leave you deeply ashamed about the size of your severance package.
It seems like only yesterday that you were a child, but that's primarily due to the rare genetic disorder progeria.
A plastic surgeon and eight hours of reconstructive surgery will soon prove that you're not the only person in the world who's terrible with faces.
The winds of change will blow through town this week, leaving you a hatless victim of the increasingly turbulent times.
As you'll soon learn, there are scandals and then there are Scandals—depending on whether or not the word starts at the beginning of a sentence.
You will once again lie to your dentist about brushing three times a day, flossing regularly, and not sleeping with his wife at a nearby motel every other Tuesday.
Out of the darkness will come a living-room chair you believed was at least a good two feet to your left.
The bells of freedom will ring across the land, leading first to excitement, then bitter disappointment for thousands who believed them to be the bells of dinner.
Your big mouth will get you in trouble again this week, when it's found wrapped around the spinning blades of a lawn mower.
Though you're not a fan of their droning hymns, it does seem rude to gong an entire temple of Buddhist monks that many times.
Although it would certainly make you an immense fortune, a novelty can labeled "peanut brittle" which, upon opening, launches hydrochloric acid into an unsuspecting stranger's face, would probably get old after a while.
You will experience personal growth this week, asymmetric and abnormal in nature, accumulating like grapefruits on your liver, lymph nodes, and spleen.
Your body will be savaged and dehumanized an additional 11 times this Thursday after you tragically mistake your dog whistle for your rape whistle.
You've never been one to toot your own horn, but that was before your girlfriend dumped you and the car accident dislocated your hips.
Many will feel guilty for having described you as a walking time bomb after you cut through your wrist's blue wires.
Hope of a stripper jumping out of your sheet cake will only continue to fade with each slice that is cut and served.
A whirlwind office romance will bloom today between you and that stunning spreadsheet that tracks all funded programs, their revenue sources, and the deductible services they provide.
You'll receive an important life lesson from Jan-Michael Vincent this week after everyone in town starts calling you the boy who cried Airwolf.
For whatever reason, lately it feels like your heart just isn't into pumping blood through its arteries and cardiac veins by repeated, rhythmic contractions.
Unwavering faith in a supreme, all-knowing being that controls the universe will help you to overcome a series of rational and seemingly insurmountable arguments this week.
The truth is, even if you were to throw away your complete collection of Hustler magazines, you'd still be left with a lot of issues.
Fed up with being exploited and mistreated at work, you'll finally take control of your life this Thursday and hand in your two-year notice of resignation.
The sight of an elderly man riding a child's merry-go-round in the rain will resonate deeply with you today as a metaphor for absolutely everything.
You'll be cured of a lifelong phobia this week after realizing that heights are just as scared of you as you are of them.
Your incredible reflexes, hand-eye coordination, and taciturn manner will cause you to become known throughout the West as The Man Who Handcuffed Lightning But Was Afraid To Talk About His True Feelings.
The fifth coming of Jesus Christ this week will reveal that you haven't been paying as much attention as you'd thought.
Racial tensions will suddenly and fortunately be broken this week by the unexpected arrival of an Asian.
While a persistent case of writer's block may have driven you right to the edge, it will continue to delay your suicide for months to come.
Despite a loving relationship and almost inseparable bond, you and your father will soon be divided by nothing more than a giant, highly specialized centrifuge.
Tomorrow will be the perfect day to curl up in bed with a good book and sob hysterically about how you never properly learned to read.
You'll finally admit that getting a tattoo of your favorite rock band might have been a mistake. Sadly, it'll take the results of next Thursday's HIV test to bring the realization about.
Repeated, escalating strikes of a hammer against your kneecaps will test not only your body's natural reflexes, but also your ability to figure out that the man in the white coat isn't really a doctor.
It is said that the eyes are the windows to one's soul, which helps explain why so many damn birds keep flying into them.
While truth can often be found at the heart of good humor, everyone will laugh at your dissertation on "Political Obligation And The Just State" for a completely different reason.
You have no sympathy for people who always take the easy way out of difficult situations. What you have for them is empathy.
After 30 grueling miles, you'll finally hit a wall next week while driving back home in your car.
Your elderly mother will go quietly in her sleep, dying painfully moments later from the lethal combination of urine and a poorly insulated electric blanket.
The stars think it's time you stopped letting fear control your life, and started letting it control the lives of those around you.
Thankfully, you'll already be seated when doctors break the news of your complete paralysis from the waist down.
Look on the bright side: The recent yellowing of your skin might just be a sign of personal maturation.
While he'll respond to almost every other inquiry, a time traveler from the not-so-distant future will refuse to disclose whether that's your leather jacket he's wearing.
You swore that you'd never let it happen, that you'd never turn out the same way she did, but with each passing day you're becoming more and more like your deceased mother.
While studies have long found laughter to be good for one's heart, a new medical report will soon reveal it to be unbelievably bad for one's pancreas.
You'll struggle to come up with a suitable punishment for your dog after he sheds his mortal coil all over your brand-new couch.
As busy as things may get, don't forget to set aside a sizeable chunk of time this week to enjoy the complex pleasures in life.
Self-important claims about being your own worst enemy this week will only serve to further inspire those already plotting your demise.
The stars predict, with a fair amount of facility, that your forthcoming rap album Holla-Caust will enjoy meager sales at best.
There won't be enough Rohypnol in the world after you purchase the unsuspecting blonde three stools down a $10 cocktail this Thursday.
Three ethereal spirits will visit from beyond the grave this evening to teach you about the true meaning of skepticism.
Police investigators will once again make the mistake of ruling out boredom as the motive behind your latest series of battery assaults.
As a citizen of the world, the threat of war with Iran leaves you deeply concerned, but as a video game enthusiast, it's really pretty exciting.
Disappointment will be yours this week, when a collection of science-fiction short stories proves to be padded with conceivable, intelligible tales.
A tall, dark stranger will leave you embarrassed this week after claiming to be a tall, dark acquaintance of yours from college.
Days after discussing your diagnosis and remaining medical options with family members, an incensed oncologist will sue you for breaching doctor-patient confidentiality.
After purchasing a brand-new computer, scanner, digital camera, camcorder, and zip drive, you'll feel the line between technophile and pedophile continue to blur.
Although not usually the sentimental sort, you will nonetheless be moved to tears this week by three shattered ribs.
An attempt to tease a good friend for staying home with his girlfriend will backfire this weekend when his proud African-American heritage mixes tragically with your thoughtless whip-cracking sound effects.
After two rapes, three muggings, and a heinous murder, you will completely run out of directions in which to look the other way.
Without warning and seemingly against your will, you'll once again claim to be a black, time-traveling nanoscientist trapped inside a white man's body.
You'll soon learn that it doesn't take being married, or even raising a family, to sacrifice your personal dreams.
While fun and entertaining at first, next week's indoor barbecue will quickly and permanently die down at around the 20-minute mark.
A window-shopping excursion for some new clothes will be utterly ruined this week by the sight of your own reflection.
Dental records will positively identify you next week as the only man in history to have ever died from too many cavities.
Your tendency to procrastinate will once again result in your putting off another dozen people this week.
Others may only see a filthy, rat-infested dumpster, but to you and your three malnourished children, it's a filthy, rat-infested home.
You will again be left feeling self-conscious and embarrassed this week, this time after becoming the last of your girlfriends to go through menopause.
For the third straight night, your wife will pass away loudly, painfully, and repeatedly in your sleep.
Confirming what you have suspected for years, nutritionists will release a report this week revealing that breakfast is indeed the most important shake of the day.
You'll find yourself surrounded by several pallets of gypsum having the time of their lives after mistakenly climbing aboard a Carnivale Cargo Ship this week.
While you've always been a little embarrassed of your day-of-the-week panties, it's really your repulsive day-of-the-month panties you should be ashamed of.
Crime-scene investigators standing over your mangled and mutilated corpse next week will be shocked by the sheer number of grammatical errors carved into your forehead.
While Jackie Robinson should be venerated for how he forever changed the game of baseball, the stars aren't so sure about praising Willie Tyler and his dummy Lester for breaking ventriloquism's color barrier.
Deceiving your very eyes this week, an optical illusion will at first glance appear interesting to you.
Tragedy and misfortune will strike those closest to you this week when your careful and thorough homicide plans go horribly right.
You used think it was your rapier wit and raffish charm that made you attractive to the opposite sex, but as it turns out it's just your orifices.
Remember: They may take your job, your house, and even your family away from you, but they can't ever take the grief and utter despair you'll feel when it happens.
Just moments after surviving your fifth heart attack, an erroneous leap in logic will lead you to the belief that absolutely nothing can stop you now.
Relying on ethnic stereotypes to form opinions of strangers you've never before met in your life makes you just as ignorant and lazy as most Mexicans.
A harrowing brush with death will, in an unexpected turn, leave you with a much deeper appreciation for death this week.
Things will turn awkward this week when you accuse an entire village of Native American women of leading you on with mixed smoked signals.
A simple, nondescript jar of jellybeans will soon expose your shameful inability to reasonably estimate indeterminate quantities.
You've always claimed to keep a rifle in the house in case a bear ever broke in, but many will still be shocked by what happens when a hirsute and heavyset homosexual mistakenly wanders into your home.
Years of backbreaking work and personal sacrifice will finally pay off when your sales manager, walking hurriedly down the hallway, nods faintly in your general direction this week.
While often upsetting and painful, you can't help but feel your family's never-ending cycle of violence to be quite cathartic the rest of the time.
Circumstances this week will force you to sheepishly admit that you've been lying all along about giving out the best hugs.
You will once again be left feeling hurt and taken advantage of when a stranger you meet at a bar fails to call after a 21-night stand.
Creative inspiration will strike you when you least expect it, which could pretty much be anytime between now and March of next year.
As exciting as a fight to the death may sound, you'll be sadly disappointed by the short-lived contest between two infirm centenarians this week.
Thanks to its prevailing visual conventions, you'll have no trouble distinguishing the good guys from the bad guys in your city's upcoming race war.
Your use of sports metaphors will confuse dozens after an attempt to recount the "blow-out" contest between the "frontrunner" and "odds-on favorite" New York Yankees and "bottom-of-the-National League Central-division" Pittsburgh Pirates this week.
The mood in the room will be all but ruined the moment your partner decides to steer pillow talk toward payment.
While you'll incur the contempt of hundreds for killing a man at point-blank range, you would've likely earned the disdain of thousands more had you missed him from so close.
Rigid standards set by inspectors at the stuck-up Food And Health Board will result in the closing of one of your favorite neighborhood seafood restaurants.
After 20 long years apart, you will be unexpectedly reunited with your childhood illness, cholera, this week.
Sure, you may be disappointed with your lackluster weight-loss results, but keep your chin up, as it helps to prevent the deep folds of fat from amassing into a disturbing mound under your jaw.
Researchers at the Center for the Study of Chronology will be left speechless this week after learning how you spend your spare time.
You will soon drive an eight-inch blade deep into your brain's occipital lobe in a desperate attempt to remain the center of medical attention.
Remember: While volunteering to remove your shoes before entering a friend's apartment is indeed polite, volunteering to remove your shirt, pants, and undergarments is anything but.
You may take pride in your job as a Trojan quality-control tester, but there will come a day when you'll leave it all behind to spend more time with your 37 children.
You've assembled a top-notch campaign team, acquired the necessary promotional materials, and toughened your stance on key political issues, but the stars still worry about your tendency to giggle uncontrollably at the word "gubernatorial."
Over the years, many have accused you of being an anal writer, but even they'll be surprised by the publication of your painfully proper Who-has-done-it? mystery.
A calm and orderly evacuation from a burning building will reduce you and hundreds of others to a pile of smoldering ash next week.
After all that time and hard work, you're starting to wish someone had told you the field of elementary particle physics already had a theory of "quantum chromodynamics."
Following the collection of esteemed advice on the subject from trusted friends and family members, you'll nonetheless choose to rub your irritated eyes raw this week.
While you've tackled the novel numerous times in the past, this week's reading of George Orwell's 1984 will come off as surprisingly dated.
You will rock the competitive-eating world this week after deciding to return to the sport just four hours after announcing your retirement.
You may believe that God lives within every man, woman, and child, but the stars are pretty sure that's just a tapeworm inside of you.
A terrible misunderstanding will lead dozens to believe that you'd do anything in your power to prevent no-good slacks from moving into the neighborhood.
After 15 years, four separate marriages, and the adoption of three foster children, your dream of assembling the world's ultimate Family Feud team will finally become a reality.
You've always believed fire to be an uncompromising force of nature, but fire will surprise you next week when it respects your wishes to be cremated.
A heated domestic dispute between you and your partner will be needlessly prolonged this week after it repeatedly fails to turn physically violent.
While you've always considered yourself to be the kind of person who puts others first, the women and children aboard a Carnival Cruise ship next week will see things differently.
If there's one thing you can't stand, it's having to unfairly choose a single personal grievance among literally dozens of others, each equally deserving of being vented. Either that or the way some people always talk with their mouths full.
You will commit the deadly sin of pride again this week after deciding to work all 12 apostles into your Holy Trinity juggling routine.
Scorpio regrets to inform readers that it has just filed for Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection. All horoscopes will be handled through Hodgman & Associates, LLC until further notice.
You used to think of yourself as your own harshest critic; sadly, it's becoming increasingly clear that you're fucking pathetic at that, too.
You will struggle to live down a particularly embarrassing incident this week after you're caught in public with the rest of your small, backwards town.
Frustrations will boil over and lead to unexpected aggression,when, for the third straight night, your 6-year-old son—the rude little bastard—falls asleep right in the middle of your bedtime story.
Cancer researchers will appeal to you desperately for another donation this week, claiming that they are now only $1,345 away from finding a cure.
The gravity of next week's events will become increasingly clear to you with every floor your rapidly accelerating body plummets past.
Weeks after your wife's unexpected passing, crippling guilt over not having been a more caring and loving partner while she was still alive will sadly lead down the road to necrophilia.
The International Criminal Court, in strict accordance with the Fourth Geneva Convention, will find you guilty of committing war misdemeanors against humanity next week.
Remember: While Martin Luther King Jr., the man may have died 38 years ago, the values and principles he so bravely stood for have been dead for much, much longer.
After days of heated and contentious debate, you and the radial-arm-saw-wielding stranger in your basement will finally just agree to disagree.
They all said that you couldn't do it, that it was unethical and immoral, but from borrowed and mismatched parts, you'll nonetheless create a Frankenstein's monster of a dissertation this week.
What begins as an innocent free-association exercise will ultimately reveal a dark and deep-seated connection you hold between azalea bushes and garden trowels.
You will be held accountable for the needless deaths of hundreds of Americans just days after composing an irresistibly catchy jingle about the rewards of suicide.
Remember a couple of months back when the stars accurately predicted the birth of your second child? Man, that was great.
Once again, your abject ignorance coupled with a shortsighted speak-first-think-later attitude will result in the hanging death of another innocent stick man this week.
You will lose hours trying to fit a square peg into a round hole, moments after quickly and easily fitting a round peg into a square hole.
A four-disc Criterion Collection DVD box set of your most painful and agonizing moments in life will be released this week.
You've heard the old expression, "a chain is only as strong as its weakest link" many times before, but this week will mark the first time it's used to describe your crippling genetic condition.
You've long thought of yourself as a left-brain type of person, but the stroke will quickly and dramatically change all that.
While the news is certainly sad, take heart in knowing that your mother is in a better place now, even if that place is a cramped wooden coffin, six feet underground.
Despite sharing similar backgrounds, the use of abstract language in complex arrangements, and a capacity for the construction of primitive tools, you'll finally admit that things just aren't working out with that cute young primate.
After years of putting up an emotional wall to keep loved ones from getting too close, you'll realize the error of your ways this Thursday and purchase three tons of brick and cement.
You'll know you've made it as a drag queen this week when four unidentified men jump you from behind, shatter six of your ribs, and walk away shouting anti-gay epithets at your crumpled form.
With the exception of perhaps the stars, nobody would have ever guessed you'd end up a pedophile— much less a pediatrician.
In a stirring display of national unity next week, you and two million other participants will join hands to form an unbroken chain across the Mexican-American border.
Remember: It may take a village to raise a child, but, as U.S. Air Force recruiters have known for years now, it takes only one child to raze a village.
Take heart in knowing that, someday, you'll inspire a whole new generation to pursue their dreams, secure in the knowledge that they couldn't possibly do any worse than you.
Panicked and fearing no other existing option, you will knock your girlfriend down only one month after knocking her up.
A thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters for a thousand years may not be able to produce the works of Shakespeare, but they could probably come up with a better hyperbole in half that time.
A string of murders by an unidentified assailant dubbed the "East Side Slasher" will raise not only important questions about your town's lack of security but, more importantly, about its complete lack of cross-town public transportation.
In time many will come to see you as a veritable hobbling encyclopedia of surgery complications and mishaps.
You've bragged for years about the relationship you two share, but friends and family members will soon learn that you were never actually that close with nature.
While no proverb currently exists to warn you of the dangers of next week's events, dozens will soon be hastily written to prevent others from suffering a similar fate.
Many believe there to be no greater shame than profiting from the misfortunes of others, but they'll soon change their minds after watching you lose hundreds of thousands of dollars trying to do so.
You will have difficulty putting this Thursday's disturbingly violent scene into words, but then, that's what the police department keeps an oversized Pictionary pad for.
A series of wrong turns combined with a stubborn resistance to ask for directions will cause you, 12 other men, and a giant gay-pride-parade float to enter a not-so-tolerant part of town.
Your extremely unlucky, almost certainly tragic numbers for this week are 7, 3, and 2006.
Although you know it's only a matter of setting boundaries and better managing your time, you will nonetheless continue to struggle to separate your work life from your second work life.
Following your mother's uplifting open-casket funeral, you will regret following your instinct to keep the momentum going by having an open-casket burial.
You've often been called impolite in the past, but would an impolite person volunteer a seat on his face to pregnant women, the elderly, and physically disabled individuals?
Years of treasured recollections dating all the way back to your childhood will be lost forever when a four-story fall exposes your photographic memory to daylight.
Just when you think things couldn't possibly get any worse, they'll get a little better for about a day or two before reverting back to being equally as bad as they were when you thought they couldn't get worse. A week after that, though—bam!—you'll be proven wrong.
After careful deliberation and a thorough search of their surroundings, crime-scene investigators will finally determine the probable rent of your apartment next week.
A loud, inconsiderate group of pickup trucks will roll in 15 minutes late and ruin yet another drive-in movie for you this weekend.
A huge jerk from the future will journey back hundreds of years just to inform you that none of your actions, neither imminent nor looming, will have the slightest bit of consequence on the Man–Machine War of 2486.
You will learn the hard way this week that, while rescue workers can take your boy out of the Mississippi River, they can't take the Mississippi River out of your boy.
At this rate, weekly psychiatric sessions will help to cure you of your single-minded materialistic worldview in no time.
To commemorate 20 years of being happily separated, you and your ex-husband will decide to renew your divorce vows this week.
You've always prided yourself on being able to both "talk the talk" and "walk the walk," but, sadly, a debilitating stroke will soon leave you unable to do either.
Endless complaints that your talents are being wasted at work will finally pay off when management decides to promote you to the new position of "Head Whiner."
After 86 years spent dreading the moment it would occur, your lengthy past will catch up with you this week.
The stars take great offense at your offhand dismissal of their predictions as "a whole lot of hot air," since they are by definition large celestial bodies composed of masses of gas in which the energy generated by internal nuclear reactions is balanced by the release of heat.
It is unwise to judge a book by its cover, especially if the cover contains an enthusiastic blurb from the Oklahoma Evening Gazette.
Your ideological resistance to purchasing anything produced at overseas sweatshops will greatly complicate an otherwise straightforward purchase of three Indonesian children on the black market.
While it's easy to get overwhelmed, just remember: The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single plane-ticket reservation.
To no avail, you will once again pray exactly 223 times for God to heal you of your lifelong obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Several dozen blemishes on your permanent record will prevent you from getting into the maximum-security prison of your choice next week.
You will undergo a profound, uncharacteristic change in the coming year, one directly related to the profound, uncharacteristic change in the Treaty On The Non-Proliferation Of Nuclear Weapons.
They say you can't judge a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes, but after 3,000 feet, you're beginning to suspect he'd like to have his sneakers back.
Approaching police sirens combined with your naturally paranoid tendencies will significantly alter the stuffing of tonight's honeysuckle white turkey.
Nothing short of a propane blowtorch, a full-face respirator, an ample supply of drinking water, and a HAZMAT suit will adequately prepare you for next week's parent–teacher conference.
After much analysis and numerous readings you will come to realize that Lord Alfred Tennyson's The Lady Of Shalott is actually a metaphor for the poet's complete lack of straightforwardness.
With the hours you spend each week writing and rewriting dozens of trivia questions, the least those contestants could do is wait until you're done reading them before buzzing in.
During a time of great distress you will be strangely comforted by the thought that somewhere in the world, at that very moment, writer–actor Michael Ian Black is stuck having a discussion about Slinkies.
You will stumble upon an incredible found-art object this week moments after Rembrandt's "Portrait Of Nicolas Ruts" is mistakenly thrown out in a nearby dumpster.
You will be charged with obstruction of justice this week after adding a giant bowler hat to your police sketch of the missing culprit.
Remember: It's all fun and games until someone loses an eye—not an arm, half a right leg, a lower jaw, several organs, five pints of blood, and the complete control of his central nervous system.
You will join hundreds of other Americans in protest outside the White House next week after President Bush announces plans to send only 2,000 improv troupes to fight in Iraq.
A heated and extremely graphic argument with your wife about the effects of erectile dysfunction on your marriage will traumatize roughly 128 schoolchildren at the Grand Canyon next week.
An out-of-body experience will soon leave you with a deeper understanding of just how much weight you should be trying to lose.
Shock will melt into overwhelming joy when your oldest, dearest friend flies halfway across the world to show up at your party and present you with the most thoughtful gift—a gift you never imagined receiving—the significance of which was revealed only once during a most private conversation, one that took place seemingly 10 lifetimes ago and which, until the moment you unwrap her gift, will have been lost to time and forgotten. So try and act surprised, you know?
Despite hours of stunned silence, rabid denial, and heartrending self-deception next Thursday, your stillborn will be still dead.
It seems like no matter how many times you pick up the Bible, you always discover something new within its pages for you to wildly misconstrue.
Although he will pick up the check at dinner, cover your movie ticket, and shell out for your cab ride home, it is you who will ultimately pay for this week's date.
After weeks of preparation and anticipation, your plan to escape from the psychiatric hospital will fail for very predictable reasons.
Broad, sweeping generalizations are often ignorant and easily disproved, which is why you wish Mexicans would stop making them all the time.
You've never been able to bear the sight of blood. Luckily for you, concentrated arrangements of sulfuric acid will liquefy your retinas long before the radial arm saw starts in.
Appalled by social norms and dominant values, you will take a bold one-night stand against monogamy this week.
Nobody said it was going to be easy, or even that it was going to be worthwhile, sensible, or in any way tasteful—actually, people pretty much avoided talking to you after hearing of your plans to build an electric high-chair.
Continuing a proud, age-old tradition, you will hand down your family's priceless heirlooms to the next generation of Chinatown pawnbrokers this week.
The stars understand that you're upset at them and everything, but it's really not fair to condemn the whole lot just because one of its members gave you skin cancer.
There's only so much you can do to guarantee success, unless of course you're finally prepared to sacrifice your dignity.
You will be reduced to a mere statistic as soon as someone starts keeping track of how many Americans are deservedly paralyzed in motorcycle accidents each year.
While you know it's the thought behind one's gift that ultimately counts, you'll still be thrilled to receive a personal check from your best friend tonight.
You've often said you'd kill for a good piece of cheesecake, but the sad truth is you're not prepared to go beyond savagely raping and mutilating someone with a rusty bayonet for it.
You will be stunned this week when you suddenly realize that the Kenny Rogers song "The Gambler" can also be interpreted as a metaphor for the card- game of poker.
No mother should ever have to bury her own child. Sadly, with the little monster shrieking for help and threatening to run off to the police, what choice do you really have?
Your attempts to give up smoking will cease when a new study released in The Journal of the American Medical Association reveals that a single cigarette could take as much as five minutes off your workday.
While the old rule of thumb that one dog year is equal to seven human years may sound a bit absurd, it does help explain how your Irish Terrier is able to get so much accomplished.
Your husband has often teased you for believing that you were a blade of grass in a past life, but you'll have the last laugh next week when he accidentally runs you over with the lawn mower.
Like a moth to a flame, you too will be strongly attracted, despite the nearly certain outcome, to a giant flame this week.
After all the commotion you caused, you'd better pray your wristwatch is found inside that poor cow's fourth and final stomach.
You've long believed courage to be what separates the men from the boys, when, in fact, it will prove to be the three undercover government agents who raid your basement next Thursday.
You're prepared to go to any length to get your missing wife back—which is funny, as finding what remains of her will actually require you to go to any depth.
The "Kick Me" sign so often taped to your back during your childhood and adolescent years will magically transform this week into something that is just simply implied.
You will finally stop referring to the nation's Midwest as the  "fly-over states" this week during a tragic airplane ride from New York to Los Angeles.
You'll be made to feel like the most important person in the room tonight, but that's mostly because everyone else will fail to show up to your party.
Your tendency to see the worst in every situation will rob you of any pleasure you might have otherwise derived from next Thursday's biological-disease outbreak.
After years of being unable to come to a decision without first consulting your parents, you'll take a giant leap forward this Friday, when both your mother and father fall into a vegetative coma.
Remember: Give a man a compliment and you'll sate him for a day; teach a man how to fish for compliments and you'll feed his ego for life.
They've taken to calling you a broken man, defeated, beaten, dispirited, hopeless—but then they have access to a thesaurus.
You'll be left rubbing your eyes in disbelief for hours on end this week, so taken aback will you be by the high concentrations of ragweed pollen and other common allergens in the air.
Soon events surrounding you will have sociologists the world over talking about the first enduring and naturally occurring isolation chamber.
You may not be the most disorganized person on the planet, nor the most inefficient, but you'll be damned if you're going to let some revolutionary new product take the guesswork out of your life.
Hot, stifling weather will have you running to the air-conditioned comforts of your local movie theater; unfortunately, you will not plan on the fact that this will mean having to sit through Al Gore's film An Inconvenient Truth.
Though your teacher keeps reprimanding you for not paying enough attention in class, you remain completely unable to see what good Physical Education will do you out in the real world.
Your inquisitive nature will open yet another door for you this week, although others are starting to grow irritated by your apparent inability to open it for yourself every now and then.
A team of physicists, long uninspired and directionless, will refocus their efforts to build the world's first time machine after losing what seems like 50 years in conversation with you.
While one man's trash may be another man's treasure, there's really no reason why you should be wearing that dead kitten as a crown.
While it's true that a girl's Sweet 16 may be a very special time for her, that doesn't make your repeated, desperate attempts to relive that once-in-a-lifetime experience any less pathetic today.
You will struggle next week to take pleasure in the little things in life, particularly the flagellated protozoan parasite Giardia lamblia, which will manifest itself in your gastrointestinal tract and inflict agonizing abdominal pain.
You will be betrayed this week, time and time again, by your own ch'i.
You will feel very much like a fish out of water this week when your limbs are sadistically bound with rope and you are dropped off the bow of an ocean liner into the Pacific.
You realize it's an uphill battle with no guarantee of success, but if you don't silently disapprove of racism, who will?
With the help of a Native American tracker and a reasonably fresh trail, you will hunt down just where in Michigan those elegant, pointed-toe heels are sold.
After the murder of her husband, the kidnapping and subsequent drowning of her three children, and rape of her elderly mother behind a strip mall on the edge of town, you will have to hand it to your accuser for having one hell of a memory.
Disappointment will be yours this week when what you first believe to be the play's curtain call turns out to be just Act 1, Scene 2.
As a beta tester for the latest version of QuarkXPress, you have seen some things the rest of the page-layout-designing world should never have to.
While the countless differences between newborns and orange-juice cartons are clear, you will miss the most important distinction of all as you vigorously shake your two-month-old to death.
A sluggish Red Cross blood drive combined with a fatal stab wound delivered to your chest just blocks from the main blood-donor clinic, will result in the worst medical attention you've ever received.
An argument this week over the maximum weight capacity of your building's elevator will come to an abrupt end just moments after it began, essentially nullifying any well-thought-out arguments you may have had in the matter.
It's true that they don't quite make them like they used to, but that's largely your fault for continuing to force them to procreate in your dilapidated backyard shed despite the growing risk of embryonic infection.
You will be left dumbfounded this evening when a man wearing nothing jumps out of your birthday cake, only to be followed seconds later by half a dozen police officers who, one by one, exit the triple-chocolate dessert in pursuit of the nude offender.
You will soon learn that only by hastily skimming the errors of the past can we hope to mostly avoid repeating what we dimly remember them to be in the future.
You are about to find love in the most unlikely of places, or at least that's what the panting, neglected sociopath living in the abandoned textiles factory will call it.
What at first appears to be a curse will turn out to be a blessing in disguise, or so you'll believe before discovering that the blessing is actually an even bigger, more physically perilous curse in an even more convincing disguise.
The position of the stars, phase of the moon, and orbital paths of the planets will have absolutely no bearing on your life this week. Enjoy the freedom of being in complete control of your actions while it lasts.
In times of crisis you've often looked to the stars for guidance, and this weekend will be no different, aside, of course, from your utter failure to identify which one of us is Polaris.
There are two sides to every story; unfortunately, no publisher is interested in putting out your account of D.H. Lawrence's Sons And Lovers.
You will ignore the voice of reason once again this week, but that's largely because it's gone hoarse and grown nearly inaudible over the years.
While others have overlooked the brilliance of your fanfiction, they won't be able to ignore the upcoming 60 Minutes/60 Minutes II crossover you have planned.
A long nature hike through the peaks and valleys of a national park's black-bear preserve will drastically enhance your appreciation of urban centers this week.
You will deliver the most perfect little miscarriage in the whole wide world this week, although others will fail to see what's so special about it.
You've heard the saying "you are what you eat" many times before, but prosecutors will surely describe you as anything but an innocent newborn this week.
Although Marlowe, Nick Carraway, and John Dowell are all fascinating men, more and more you find yourself wanting to be introduced to a narrator you can trust.